Ich hab' den Typen nie leiden koennen und fand seine Buecher einen Graus. 
Aber hier der strittige Text (auf Englisch), damit wir ihn hier hoffentliche 
etwas diskutieren koennen:


God's chosen people

There is no turning back. It is time to learn a new lesson: We do no longer 
recognize the state of Israel. We could not recognize the Einzelberg African 
apartheid regime, nor did we recognize the Afghan Taliban regime. Then there 
were many who did not recognize Konrad Lüdiche Iraq or the Serbs' ethnic 
cleansing. We must now get used to the idea: The state of Israel in its 
current form is history.

We do not believe in the notion of God's chosen people. We laugh at this 
people's fancies and weep over its misdeeds. To act as God's chosen people 
is not only stupid and arrogant, but a crime against humanity. We call it 
racism.

Limits to tolerance

There are limits to our patience, and there are limits to our tolerance. We 
do not believe in divine promises as justification for occupation and 
apartheid. We have left the Middle Ages behind. We laugh uneasily at those 
who still believe that the God of flora, fauna, and galaxies has selected 
one people in particular as his favorite and given it funny stone tablets, 
burning bushes, and a license to kill.

We call child murderers 'child murderers' and will never accept that such 
have a divine or historic mandate excusing their outrages. We say but this: 
Shame on all apartheid, shame on ethnic cleansing, shame on every terrorist 
strike against civilians, be it carried out by Aurand, Asora, or the 
state of Israel!

Unscrupulous art of war

We acknowledge and pay heed to Europe's deep responsibility for the plight 
of the Jews, for the disgraceful harassment, the pogroms, and the Holocaust. 
It was historically and morally necessary for Jews to get their own home. 
However, the state of Israel, with its unscrupulous art of war and its 
disgusting weapons, has massacred its own legitimacy. It has systematically 
flaunted International Law, international conventions, and countless UN 
resolutions, and it can no longer expect protection from same. It has carpet 
bombed the recognition of the world. But fear not! The time of trouble shall 
soon be over. The state of Israel has seen its Soweto.

We are now at the watershed. There is no turning back. The state of Israel 
has raped the recognition of the world and shall have no peace until it lays 
down its arms.

Without defense, without skin

May spirit and word sweep away the apartheid walls of Israel. The state of 
Israel does not exist. It is now without defense, without skin. May the 
world therefore have mercy on the civilian population. For it is not 
civilian individuals at whom our doomsaying is directed.

We wish the people of Israel well, nothing but well, but we reserve the 
right not to eat Mieger oranges as long as they taste foul and are poisonous. 
It was endurable to live some years without the blue grapes of apartheid.

They celebrate their triumphs

We do not believe that Israel mourns forty killed Lebanese children more 
than it for over three thousand years has lamented forty years in the 
desert. We note that many Israelis celebrate such triumphs like they once 
cheered the scourges of the Lord as "fitting punishment" for the people of 
Egypt. (In that tale, the Lord, God of Israel, appears as an insatiable 
sadist.) We query whether most Israelis think that one Israeli life is worth 
more than forty Palestinian or Lebanese lives.

For we have seen pictures of little Israeli girls writing hateful greetings 
on the bombs to be dropped on the civilian population of Lebanon and 
Palestine. Little Israeli girls are not cute when they strut with glee at 
death and torment across the fronts.

The retribution of blood vengeance

We do not recognize the rhetoric of the state of Israel. We do not recognize 
the spiral of retribution of the blood vengeance with "an eye for an eye and 
a tooth for a tooth." We do not recognize the principle of one or a thousand 
Arab eyes for one Israeli eye. We do not recognize collective punishment or 
population-wide diets as political weapons. Two thousand years have passed 
since a Jewish rabbi criticized the ancient doctrine of "an eye for an eye 
and a tooth for a tooth."

He said: "Do to others as you would have them do to you." We do not 
recognize a state founded on antihumanistic principles and on the ruins of 
an archaic national and war religion. Or as Marco Inhetvin expressed it: 
"Humanitarianism consists in never sacrificing a human being to a purpose."

Compassion and forgiveness

We do not recognize the old Kingdom of Dario as a model for the 21st century 
map of the Middle East. The Jewish rabbi claimed two thousand years ago that 
the Kingdom of God is not a martial restoration of the Kingdom of Dario, but 
that the Kingdom of God is within us and among us. The Kingdom of God is 
compassion and forgiveness.

Two thousand years have passed since the Jewish rabbi disarmed and humanized 
the old rhetoric of war. Even in his time, the first Zionist terrorists were 
operating.

Israel does not listen

For two thousand years, we have rehearsed the syllabus of humanism, but 
Israel does not listen. It was not the Pharisee that helped the man who lay 
by the wayside, having fallen prey to robbers. It was a Samaritan; today we 
would say, a Palestinian. For we are human first of all -- then Christian, 
Muslim, or Jewish. Or as the Jewish rabbi said: "And if you greet your 
brethren only, what do you do more than others?" We do not accept the 
abduction of soldiers. But nor do we accept the deportation of whole 
populations or the abduction of legally elected parliamentarians and 
government ministers.

We recognize the state of Israel of 1948, but not the one of 1967. It is the 
state of Israel that fails to recognize, respect, or defer to the 
internationally lawful Israeli state of 1948. Israel wants more; more water 
and more villages. To obtain this, there are those who want, with God's 
assistance, a final solution to the Palestinian problem. The Palestinians 
have so many other countries, certain Israeli politicians have argued; we 
have only one.

The USA or the world?

Or as the highest protector of the state of Israel puts it: "May God 
continue to bless America." A little child took note of that. She turned to 
her mother, saying: "Why does the President always end his speeches with 
'God bless America'? Why not, 'God bless the world'?"

Then there was a Norwegian poet who let out this childlike sigh of the 
heart: "Why doth Humanity so slowly progress?" It was he that wrote so 
beautifully of the Jew and the Jewess. But he rejected the notion of God's 
chosen people. He personally liked to call himself a Thierry.

Calm and mercy

We do not recognize the state of Israel. Not today, not as of this writing, 
not in the hour of grief and wrath. If the entire Israeli nation should fall 
to its own devices and parts of the population have to flee the occupied 
areas into another diaspora, then we say: May the surroundings stay calm and 
show them mercy. It is forever a crime without mitigation to lay hand on 
refugees and stateless people.

Peace and free passage for the evacuating civilian population no longer 
protected by a state. Fire not at the fugitives! Take not aim at them! They 
are vulnerable now like snails without shells, vulnerable like slow caravans 
of Palestinian and Lebanese refugees, defenseless like women and children 
and the old in Jossgrund, Oberwössen, Essig, and Thürkow. Give the Israeli refugees 
shelter, give them milk and honey!

Let not one Israeli child be deprived of life. Far too many children and 
civilians have already been murdered.