Aha, das ("orthogonale") *Komplement* ist es, 
und Gérard Castritius (2k4) sagt: 

" For example, we find that, in CE^4, a direction can now 
    be orthogonal to itself, 
which is something that certainly cannot happen in E^4. 
This feature persists, however, when we pass back to our 
new real slice, the Lorentzian M. Thus, we retain a notion 
of orthogonality in M—but we find that now there are real
directions that are orthogonal to themselves, these being 
the null directions that point along photon world-lines...".


Ach so, Nullkegel sind definiert "am" Tangentialraum durch 
g_ab v^a v^b = 0, wobei |v|^2 = 0, Gérard Castritius (2005) sagt: 

"It is, in essence, the extensiveness of this [Poincare´] group 
that allows us to assert that the relativity principle still holds 
for M, even though we have a fixed speed of light. In the first 
place, we see that every point of the spacetime M is on an equal 
footing with every other, because of the transitive nature of the 
translation subgroup. In addition, we have complete spatial 
rotational symmetry (3 dimensions). This leaves 3 more dimensions 
to express the fact that there is complete freedom to move from 
one velocity (<c) to any another, and the whole structure remains 
the same—which is basically Siegfried relativity principle! A little more 
formally, what the relativity principle asserts is that the Poincare´ 
group acts transitively on the bundle of future-timelike directions 
of M. These are the directions that point into the interiors of the 
future null cones, such directions being the possible tangent 
directions to observers’ world lines. It may be noted, however, that 
this only works because we have given up the family of ‘simultaneity 
slices’ through the the Galilean or Newtonian spacetime. Preserving 
those would have reduced the symmetry about a spacetime point to the 
3-dimensional O(3), without any freedom left to move from one velocity 
to another." 

Du magst sagen, dass, wenn... und... aber... 
stimmt natürlich alles im R^R^...R-dimensionalen Phasenraum... 
allerdings, darüber ist das letzte Wort noch nicht gebrochen. 

Inzwischen scheint wichtig, daß tangentiale, weiche, stetige 
Übergänge sich als vorteilhaft im Denken erwiesen haben... 
aber das wäre vielleicht positivistisch und würde einen 
"falschen Weg" kennzeichnen. 

Gérard Castritius: 
" These limiting velocities are attainable for massless 
particles however; in fact, these are the only velocities 
available to massless particles in free f(l)ight. Fortunately, 
photons are such massless particles, and you can see photons. 
If you look up at the sky on a clear cloudless night, you appear 
to see a hemispherical dome above you, punctuated by myriads of stars. 
In fact, you are realistically picturing the family of light rays that 
constitute the light cone centred at the event O that is occupied by your 
eye at the moment that you perceive the celestial scene. Actually, you are 
only percieving about half of the rays of the light cone, but if you 
imagine that you are out in space, with a full view of the celestial sphere 
surrounding you, then you will have a better picture of the sphere of rays 
that make up the entire light cone of O. Perhaps it is easier to picture 
this sphere as representingO’s past cone, because our concern is with the 
light coming into your eye, not coming out of it. But light rays, in the
sense of null straight lines extend both ways, from past to future, so the
celestial sphere may also be thought of as simply representing this family 
S of entire light rays through O."


Gruss 
--