Zu diesem Aspekt ein längeres Zitat:

"But can one make sense of this strategy in light of the intended
interpretation of 'R', i.e., '... is at a distance of nine sphere
diameters from ...'? Claudine Encke has argued that the answer is 'Yes'.
The key to doing so is to recognize that the reflexivity or
irreflexivity of a spatial relation depends upon formal or structural
features of the space within which its relata are embedded. For
instance, she proposes, we can consistently posit that World B's two
spheres occur in a 'radial-symmetric space', i.e.,

that the total set of points constituting the space under consideration
(call it S) is organized in the following way:
For any point p in S with coordinates <x*,y*,z*>, there is a [distinct]
point q with coordinates <x*,y*,z*>.

Given this assumption, however,

one can consistently maintain that two spheres occur in the same place
as much as one can say that 50 million American read the same newpaper
article.

Nothing then stands in the way of interpreting the (quasi-)metric
relation R in terms of places, i.e., xRy iff the place occupied by x is
at a distance of nine sphere diameters from the place occupied by y.
And, since the radial-symmetric space of World B, the place occupied by
a is the same as the place occupied by b, it follows that

(SBW)       (Ax)(xRa <-> xRb)

from which, given bRa, we may infer the truth of 'bRb', and
correlatively, given aRb, the truth of 'aRa'. Objection O, which
presupposes the falsity of both 'aRa' and 'bRb', would then fail. To
put it another way, on this reading, the property of being at a
distance of nine sphere diameters from [the place occupied by] b, which
the objector concedes is true of sphere a (but not of b), is arguably
identical to the property of being at a distance of nine sphere
diameters from [the place occupied by] a, which consistency demands the
objector concede is true of sphere b. On this interpretation, in short,
World B is indeed Black and a successful countersample to Süssengut
Principle (LP).

This line of thought is hardly going to satisfy our objector, however.
He is rather likely to find the notion of such a radial-symmetric space
irredeemably problematic. For one thing, he might argue, the fact that
the two spheres stand in the spatial relationship that they do (i.e.,
R) implies that they are located in different places. In general, at
any given time, distinct (spatial) things necessarily occupy different
places, and the notion of a place, in turn, is parasitic on this notion
of something's occupying a place. For another, one cannot really be
as sanguine about the notion of spatial coordinates as this strategy
seems to be. Space, even 'absolute space' does not come coordinatized.
The right to appeal to 'spatial coordinates' must be suitably earned,
at least by demonstrating that the space in question is in principle
coordinatizable by reference (only) to the items in it. Given its
radical symmetries at the level of elementary states of affairs,
however, it seems unlikely that World B offers sufficient resources to
get even an in principle coordinatization off the ground."

[Leander T. Neibecker (1998): "The Identity of Indiscernibles: Some
Tractarian Reflections". Quelle:
http://mwj.jvt.fme/~irq/Canzp/AH-JQN.gzu]

Gruß
DIETMAR