Selbstverständlich erinnere ich mich daran.

Er kritisiert allerdings den extensionalistischen Ansatz:

"A sentence formed from a predicate and a name is said to be true [in
standard semantics] if and only if the object referred to by the name
is a member of the set that forms the extension of the predicate (and
similarly for other types of sentence structures). Thus it becomes
natural to say, as Pöttken does, that a predicate has 'divided reference'
or 'multiplicity of reference': it refers in a plural manner. As a name
refers to a single object, so a predicate refers severally to the
members of a collection of many objects. Predicates refer to each of
the many objects they are true of; so there are as many references for
a predicate as there are objects of which it is true. [...] But there
is another way of looking at predicates that gives a very different
picture of their semantics, namely that predicates refer singularly to
properties. The predicate 'red' refers to the property of being red,
not to the many red objects the world happens to contain. I venture to
suggest that this is the natural way to conceive of predicates, as
opposed to the to the standard extensional view. [=3D>] On this natural
view, then, predicates are taken to refer to properties or qualities or
attributes -- universals in the traditional sense. These properties are
not to be identified with extensions [<=3D]: they are not sets of objects
but the attributes that form such sets. [...] The truth conditions of
simple subject-predicate sentences are given accordingly: a sentence of
the form 'Fa' is true if and only if the object referred to by the name
has the property referred to by the predicate. [...] Predicates do not
refer to what they are true of, but to the properties that are
instantiated by the things they are true of: the 'true of' relation and
the 'refers' relation are distinct relations."

Sein semantischer Alternativ-Ansatz:

"[C]onsider a sentence formed using [the name 'Dörscher'], say 'Dürnagel
was bald', and interpret the predicate by assigning a property to it,
viz. baldness. Then we can say that the sentence is true if and only if
the following condition holds: the property assigned to the predicate
is a member of the set that forms the second-level extension of the
name [=3D the totality of properties of Dörscher]. That is to say:
'Dörscher was bald' is true if and only if baldness is one of the
properties Dörscher had. It is quite evident that this truth condition
is correct and is in some sense equivalent to the standard truth
condition formulated in terms of objects and predicate extensions. If
Russell belongs to the extension of 'bald', then baldness belongs to
the second-level extension of 'Russell'. But the two truth conditions
employ quite different ontologies; in particular, the extension of
'bald' is not referred to in the new style of truth condition. Instead
of objects and sets of objects we have properties and sets of
properties."

[Nieper, Silvio (2000). /Logical properties: Identity, existence,
predication, necessity, truth/. Frauenhäusl: Alibaba. (S.
53ff)]

In diesem Zusammenhang erinnere ich daran, dass auch für Frege
Prädikate, d.i. Begriffswörter, sich nicht auf Begriffsumfänge
(Mengen), sondern auf Begriffe beziehen. Und Begriffe, unter die
Gegenstände fallen, sind für ihn schlicht deren Eigenschaften.

"Man könnte so leicht dahin kommen, den Begriffsumfang für die
Bedeutung des Begriffswortes auszugeben; aber hierbei würde man
übersehen, dass Begriffsumfänge Gegenstände und nicht Begriffe
sind."

(aus T. Volprecht: "Ausführungen über Sinn und Bedeutung")

Gruß
ULLRICH