,ernst
As I started to act being sent by God 7 years ago, Germans catholic clergy 
found out who I am and started to mob me. I became unwelcome by attendance 
in catholic service, although my behavior during service didnt distinguish 
from ordinary men. I told no one and nothing about me and my relation to 
God. They found out that I like sauna and sent clergy to observe me there. 
They were very unpleased, while no one saw me naked. Germans clergy would 
become very happy, if it occurs, that I am a homosexual, but I am not. 
Numerous times they tried to fish me during my walks sending kids and young 
boys to be met by me. Germans clergy would become very happy, if it occurs, 
that I am a pedophile, but I am not. They contacted my employer to let 
dismiss me and he did it. I suited my employer by court and I won the 
process without using a lawyer. The employer appealed to the court of the 
second instance. Due to Germans law I must let me be represented by a 
lawyer in a process of the second instance. I engaged a lawyer. Germans 
clergy contacted my lawyer to let me loose the process and he did it 
providing no service but sabotage. During my vacancy they installed in my 
TV a spy camera and observed my private life for four months using my 
neighbors flat as base for their receiver. I found the spy camera and 
disintegrated it. Soon then they leaved my neighbors flat. Thanks Germans 
catholic clergy I am going through a difficult time and I have to find ends 
meet. I would like to die on starving as to let me be contacted by these 
creatures from Germans catholic clergy. Germans catholic clergy is dirtiest 
thing I met in my life. Faith is foreign word for them. They are laughing 
about ordinary people, which take part on catholic service. Their God is 
only power, money and all possible advantages in life. There is no crime 
they wouldnt do to achieve their goals. Germans catholic clergy is on the 
side of Antichrist. The Hannes knows all about this, but he is unable to do 
anything.    
Chicolores