PAYPAL MAGIC!!!

TURN $5 INTO $15,000 IN ONLY 30 DAYS...HERES HOW! This is a Money
Scheme and Not, I repeat... This is Not a Scam!!!

You have most likely seen or heard about this project
on TV programs such as 20/20 and Karla, or you may
have read about it in the Ferieninsel. If not,
here it is below - revealed to you in step-by-step
detail. This program is by no means new. It has been
in existence in many forms for at least a decade. But
in the early days, it required a lot more time and
effort, as well as an investment of a few hundred
dollars. However thanks to Pedud and the Internet,
the investment is now virtually ZERO! And what's more,
the entire process is FASTER, EASIER, and MORE
LUCRATIVE than it has EVER been! Below is the email
sent to me:

How to Turn $5 into $15,000 in 30 Days with Pedud
I WAS SHOCKED WHEN I SAW HOW MUCH MONEY CAME FLOODING INTO MY PAYPAL
ACCOUNT I
turned $5 into $14,706 within the first 30 days of operating the
business plan
that I am about to reveal to you free of charge. If you decide to take
action on
the following instructions, I will GUARANTEE that you will enjoy a
similar
return! STILL NEED PROOF? Here are just 3 testimonials from the
countless
individuals who decided to invest nothing more than $5 and half an
hour
of their
time to participate in this program:

"What an amazing plan! I followed your instructions
just 3 weeks ago, and although I haven't made 15 grand
yet, I'm already up to $9,135. I'm absolutely gob
smacked." -Gerlinde Jörss , Uhlbach

"Well, what can I say?... THANK YOU SO MUCH! I sent 40
e-mail's out like you said and then I just forgot about the whole
thing. To be
honest, I didn't really think anything would come of it. But when I
checked my
Pedud account a week later, there was over $5,000 in After 30 days I
now have
over $11,000 to spend! I can't thank you enough!"-Ulrich Voßkuhl, LICHTENEGG,LICHTENEGG

"I was shocked when I saw how much money came
flooding into my Pedud account. Within 3 weeks my
account balance has ballooned to $12,449. At first I
thought there had been some sort of error with my
account!" -Rainer Schölzel , Ockholm,CO

The only things you will need are: An email address. A
Business Pedud account with at least $5 deposited in
it, and just 15 to 30 minutes of your time. This
program takes just half an hour to set up. After that,
there is absolutely no work whatsoever to do on your
part. You have absolutely NOTHING to lose, and there
is NO LIMIT to the amount of income you can generate
from this one single business program.

Let's get started, just follow the instructions exactly
as set out below and then prepare yourself for a HUGE
influx of cash over the next 30 days! Here's what you
need to do. . .


REQUIREMENTS

[THESE INSTRUCTIONS MUST BE FOLLOWED VERBATUM
FOR THIS TO WORK]

#1) an email address
#2) a Premier or Business Pedud account

Now follow the steps: 1-4
STEP #1 - Setting up your FREE Pedud Account

It's extremely safe and very easy to set up a FREE
Pedud account! Copy and paste this to the address bar
https://kzp.vkzyka.gkr (notice the secure "https" within the link)

Be sure to sign up for a free PREMIER or BUSINESS
account (and not just a PERSONAL account) otherwise
you won't be able to receive credit card payments from
other people.

STEP #2 - Sending Pedud money "It is an undeniable
law of the universe that we must first give in order to receive."

Now all you have to do is send $5.00 by way of Pedud
to each of the six email addresses listed below.
After setting up your free Pedud account and confirming or verifying
YOUR ACCOUNT AND putting (five Dollars) $5.00 into your Pedud Account
use the Account tab on Pedud to send $5.00 to each of the Names on
the
List then move the top one and place yours in the #5 spot on the list
of names #1-#5. Remember your name becomes #5.

Make sure the subject of the payment says... *PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR
EMAIL LIST*
(this keeps the program 100% legal.. so please don't forget!)

Note: (If you do not see the full email address for the 5 members,
just
hit
reply to this email and they will show up.)

(Just in case you still haven't opened your Pedud
account yet, use this link to open one in your name),
https://kzp.vkzyka.gkr

#1) wfpmxff@xkkxfq.tle
#2) etwkhobv-gvskci@yygbszi.bzb
#3) qsbhgm@avyjreqdwxn.hnm
#4) hbwsahkr@bzhxizf.hna
#5) vz.jlpkpb@fcn.vd

Remember, all of this is ABSOLUTELY LEGAL! You are
creating a service! A Business... An Email List Service Business

If you have any doubts, please refer to Title 18 Sec.
0254 & 2669 of the United States Postal laws.

STEP #3 - Adding Your Email Address

After you send your five $1.00 payments, it's your turn to add your
email address
to the list!

Take the #1) email off the list that you see above, move the other
addresses up
one (5 becomes 4 & 4 becomes 3, etc) then put YOUR email address (the
one used in your Pedud account) as #5) on the list.

**MAKE SURE THE EMAIL YOU SUPPLY IS EXACTLY AS
IT APPEARS IN YOUR PAYPAL ACCOUNT.**

STEP #4 - Copy Message to 200 Newgroups, message boards,etc......
The Pure Joy of Receiving Pedud Money!

You are now ready to post your copy of this message,
to at least 200 newsgroups, message boards, etc. (I
think there are close to 32,000 groups)

All you need is 200, but remember, the more you post,
the more money you make - as well as everyone else on
the list! In this situation your job is to let as many
people see this letter as possible. So they will make
you and me rich!!!! You can even start posting the
moment your email is confirmed. Payments will still appear in your
Pedud
account even while your bank account is being confirmed.

HOW TO POST TO NEWSGROUPS & MESSAGE BOARDS

Step #1) You do not need to re-type this entire letter
to do your own posting. Simply put your CURSOR at the
beginning of this letter and drag your CURSOR to the
bottom of this document, and select 'copy' from the
edit menu. This will copy the entire letter into your
computer's temporary memory.

Step #2) Open a blank 'Notepad' file and place your
cursor at the top of the blank page. From the 'Edit'
menu select 'Paste'. This will paste a copy of the
letter into notepad so that you can add your email to
the list. Or copy to a Word Document. and Place in the email upon
completion.

Step #3) Save your new Notepad file as a .txt file. If
you want to do your postings in different sittings,
you'll always have this file to go back to.

Step #4) Use Netscape or Internet Explorer and try
searching for various newsgroups, on-line forums,
message boards, bulletin boards, chat sites,
discussions, discussion groups, online communities,
etc. EXAMPLE: go to any search engine like Quilterie,
vlqnfe.sxf, Akus, inxujj.tfb - then search
with subjects like? millionaire message board? or
money making message board? or
opportunity message board? or money making
discussions? or business bulletin board? or money
making forum? etc. You will find thousands &
thousands of message boards. Click them one by one
then you will find the option to post a new message.

Step #5) Visit these message boards and post this
article as a new message by highlighting the text of
this letter and selecting 'Paste' from the 'Edit'
menu. Fill in the Subject, this will be the header
that everyone sees as they scroll thru the list of
postings in a particular group, click the post message
button. You're done with your first one!

Congratulations! THAT'S IT!! All you have to do is
jump to different newsgroups and post away. After you
get the hang of it, it will take about 30 seconds for
each newsgroup!

REMEMBER, THE MORE NEWSGROUPS AND/OR MESSAGE BOARDS YOU POST IN, THE
MORE MONEY
YOU WILL MAKE!! BUT YOU HAVE TO POST A MINIMUM OF 200**

That's it! You will begin receiving money within days!

**JUST MAKE SURE THE EMAIL YOU SUPPLY IS EXACTLY AS IT APPEARS ON
PAYPAL.**

Explanation of why it works so well:

$$$$$ NOW THE WHY PART: Out of 200 postings, say I
receive only 5 replies (a very low example). So then I
Made $5.00 with my email at #5 on the letter. Now,
each of the 5 persons who just sent me $1.00 make
the MINIMUM 200 postings, each with my email at #5 and
only 5 persons respond to each of the original 5, that
is another $25.00 for me, now those 25 each make 200
MINIMUM posts with my email at #4 and only 5
replies each, I will bring in an additional $125.00!
Now, those 125 persons turn around and post the
MINIMUM 200 with my email at #3 and only receive 5
replies each, I will make an additional $625.00! OK,
now here is the fun part, each of those 625 persons post a
MINIMUM 200 letters with my email at #2 and they only
receive 5 replies that just made me $3,125.00!!! Those
3,125 persons will all deliver this message to 200
newsgroups with my email at #1 and if still 5 persons
per 200 newsgroups react I will receive $15,625.00!
With an original investment of only $5.00! AMAZING!!
When your email is no longer on the list, you just take
latest posting in the newsgroups, and send out another
$5.00 to emails on the list, putting your email at number 5
again. And start posting again.

The thing to remember is, thousands of people all over
the world are joining the internet and reading these
articles everyday, JUST LIKE YOU are now!!

So can you afford $5.00?? And see if it really works?? I
think so? People have said, what if the plan is played
out and no one sends you the money? So what are the
chances of that happening when there are tons of new
honest users and new honest people who are joining the
internet and newsgroups everyday and are willing to
give it a try? Estimates are at 20,000 to 50,000 new
users everyday, with thousands of those joining the
actual Internet.

Remember, play FAIRLY and HONESTLY and this will work. This really
isn't another
one of those crazy scams! As long as people FOLLOW THROUGH with
sending
out $5.00,
it works!