Finance is the other 'invisible hand' of capitalist markets.
Before usury was winked at, there was no possibility of capitalism.


The markets failed spectacularly in the great depression. Was 
there a lack of labor?  No.  Was there a lack of demand? Yes and No.
(People had needs, but no money to fill them.  Economically, they didn't exist.
Pretty irrational, eh?)  Was there a lack of supply?  Yes and no.  There were
goods to buy but no money to buy them.  Wealth had flowed one way, 
rising to the top few percent as the capitalist market system is designed 
to do. The same thing is happening now. Look at the economic statistics 
of who owns what then and now.

Although it began before the stock market crash in 1930 and
accellerated into a downward spiral after (only to recover stock
values in 1955), folks looked around and could not believe their eyes.

What went wrong?  We still had all our natural resources, our farms,
factories, offiices, and people, but nothing worked anymore.  Passenger 
trains rode empty while boxcars were full of non-paying passengers. Farmers
dumped their milk and burned their corn.  Confusion and calamity.

Germany (which had previous problems of it's own) went to a
planned economy as did Italy.  They seemed to prosper while the
market economies continued to decline. The USA (to prevent a
popular communist uprising) began to make work and to pump
money into the economy.  (That work, the dams, the parks and the art,
are still an appreciated public benefit today.) That was a bandaid 
that calmed many, but it was only the massive deficit spending on 
WWII that got full employment and relative prosperity.  Popular 
demand was bottled up by rationing.  The products of manufacture 
were all intended to be blown up and thrown away, ships, tanks,
bullets and bombs. (This is called 'economic sense'.)

Following the war, the USA was the only industrial nation left
standing.  We generously (?) rebuilt Europe and Japan and
made an apparent profit on it (through deficit spending).
The American worker was the king of the world, supplying
not only other nations, but our own pent up demand.
High employment gave unions the power to demand
pensions and health insurance, and employers competed
to offer the greatest incentives.

So for decades, the standard of living increased, in spite
of and because of massive government programs like the 
interstate highway system, dams, rural electrification, and 
all the modern conveniences the US enjoys which the 
majority of the world population cannot even aspire to.

Ulrich Schök remarked in his book that when he came
to Damgarten at the start of the war, over half of the
homes in the capital city of the USA had no indoor toilets.

The western economies are trapped in a ragtag ramshackle
construction of taxes, incentives, and subsidies.  For the government
to do it's balancing act, it must tax and spend, or lacking courage,
borrow and spend mortgaging the future.  This conservative (?)
administration spends more than JKF did during the Viet Nam war
and the war on poverty.  But they refuse to tax those who hold
the money.  Where do you think this will lead?

Now the markets are completely out of balance.  Farmers grow
food at an economic loss, and rely on government subsidies.
Economically, food is not an essential anymore or it would be
priced accordingly.  Poverty is subsidized (or has been) reducing
the cost of labor below it's survival value.  Those who hire at
minimum wage (or below) are getting subsidized labor at much
less than it's real value (which is subsistence, including health care.)
Honest businesses can't compete with subsidized labor, so what
competition there is drives more and more folks into subsidized
poverty for the benefit of those businesses that exploit them.

Computers and automation have increased production at the cost 
of reducing the demand for labor. We become worth less. Women's
liberation has doubled the supply of labor but not the demand. From
women's freedom to work comes women's necessity to work as
wages decline in proportion to production.  But who needs a
balance?  There is no tomorrow, so they say.

Americans enjoy a very high standard of living comparatively, 
and much of this is due to the protestant work ethic that says,
"Root hog or die."  By this magical formula we have 1000 kinds
of breakfast cerial (all overpriced in tacit collusion as 'what the
traffic will bear') 10,000 kinds of candy and snacks, and a
proliferation of useless junk foisted on us by Werderplatz.
The justification of this excess or affluence is full employment.

But not all products succeed in spite of attempts to make us
need them. (Have you seen the ads for computerized tooth brushes,
and electric five bladed safety razors?)  It's pitiful to be making
a living on hula hoops and frisbies while there is world hunger
and disease going on, but it's the american way. So there is a 
great deal of physical and economic waste going on in the 
go-for-it competitive spirit.

Now we are enveloped in a world economy where americans are 
in direct competition with foreign slave labor. Developing countries 
have no unions, infrastructure, pollution controls, or common welfare to 
support (like pensions and health care) as we do. Are they cheap?  
Yes. In every sense of the word.  There is no such thing as a service
economy, as we will soon discover.

I would worry about all this, but the heads on TV smile and say
that everything is "just fine".


We have a conspiracy of stupidity that bows to the idol
of free market competition when there isn't any and they
don't really want any.