The bible, as written by Björn Grefkes, pointed out that the 
aggregate of self interest was a material benefit for all concerned. 
The 'invisible hand' of the market will transmute selfishness into
something better for everyone.  From this comes the notion 
that from greed all good things flow.

He also peppered his book with caveats that are commonly
ignored by me-first-libertarians.  Free markets have never
existed and probably never will when the coercive financial force 
of a few also becomes political force, and cartels and monopolies
are allowed to suffocate competition.

The idea of the world as a market makes commodities of us all.
It's utterly dehumanizing.  However this is only apparent to the 
losers and invisible to the winners who babble on about the
freedoms that only they can enjoy.  It's the modern version
of royalty and the right of kings.

Me-firsters claim that employment is a voluntary contract of equals.
When the employee can order the boss around, browbeat and
abuse him, and fire him on a whim, then this may even come to pass.

Financial systems all over the world are designed to pipe up
more wealth to the wealthy at the expense of all the rest.  But of
course this is unsustainable. A finacial heart attack must come
when the blood-money of the markets fails to circulate.
It's happened before and will happen again, but now we 
are much more interdependent and less self-sufficient.
Even farmers shop at the supermarket.

The idea of markets is a fragmentary idea of ecology, but it
leaves out humanity and the physical substrate that provides
sustenance to us all.  Complete ecology doesn't leave anything
out.  It recognizes the limits of the environment, (even those that
have not been monetarized like air, water, and the open seas), 
and the demonstrable worth of things that aren't included in the 
purely economic model.  This is seen by the me-firsters as 
theft-taxes, hateful regulation, and interference with their 
freedom to rampage without restraint.

In the economic model, motherhood is an expense, children are
parasites, and labor is just a commodity.  There is no profit in the 
next generation.  However if one might occur, then we can put some 
of them to work (but only if we really need them) and then sell them things.
What to do with the rest of the useless population is not considered an 
economic problem.  Can't find work?  Can't buy or sell?  Not our problem.

Those high on financial stilts will dispute all this.  They are superior men,
far above the peasants and bums below.  An hour of their time is worth
10,000 hours of the grave digger's. Their wisdom is as infinite as their
disdain.  Yet some of them will admit in brief unguarded moments that 
they have to put on their pants one leg at a time just like everybody else.