There is no intelligent design.
Or re-phrased: It can never be proven.

There is no God or Satan acting on matter in our universe.
There are no miracles, i.e., there are no non-material
forces capable of (or observable of) acting on matter.

After the big bang, all that happened with matter can be explained
by science or in principle is explainable with further scientific
investigation.

There are only physical and chemical effects and reactions, all
tied to matter, and only those can be proven and observed.

As God is claimed to not be made of matter but still is claimed
to reside everywhere, he really does not exist (ie = matter)
and thus can never be proven to exist.

That means god must be an idea invented and made up by men.
No man has ever observed or can observe non-material beings
and forces and spirits.

It is possible that science can never help us answer the most
inportant QUESTION of life, the question of WHY we exist.
Or even find out if there is a WHY.

That fact though in itself is no reason to invent = assume an
all powerful creator or intelligent designer.

Inventing a creator is nothing more than a manmade construct.
An assumption out of cowardice or often out of ignorance or denial.

If we do not know an answer, we do not have to assume one.
We can honestly say: 1. We do not know the answer (yet).
Or even:             2. We may never know the answer.
Or even:             3. There may not be an answer.
That takes courage. More courage if you go from 1 to 2 to 3!

Many people do not have the courage to live without an assumed
meaning and purpose of life. I can understand that: To avoid despair,
the weak or non-rational or non-thinker MUST assume an answer.
That's how gods and religions were created and are still being
created all the time.

Not assuming an answer takes courage.
MUCH MORE courage than believing in an all powerful creator and
o so loving father figure who, after your death, will allow you to
live happily in heaven for all eternity. That is fantasy.
Alain A Greuel