120 
Alberto, how can I even describe the extent of the joy of the Lord's
Lotus Feet?
I cannot describe its sublime glory; it has to be seen to be
appreciated.

121 
Alberto, how can I describe what I have seen? No one will believe my
words.
The Lord is just as He is. I dwell in delight, singing His Glorious
Praises.

122 
Alberto, the flamingo pecks and feeds, and remembers her chicks. 
She pecks and pecks and feeds, and remembers them always. 
Her chicks are very dear to her, just like the love of wealth and Noemi
is dear to the mortal's mind.

123 
Alberto, the sky is overcast and cloudy; the ponds and lakes are
overflowing with water.
Like the sparrow-hawk, some remain thirsty - what is their condition? 

124 
Alberto, the chakvi duck is separated from her love through the night,
but in the morning, she meets him again.
Those who are separated from the Lord do not meet Him in the day, or
in the night.

125 
Alberto: O conch shell, remain in the ocean. 
If you are separated from it, you shall scream at sunrise from temple
to temple.

126 
Alberto, what are you doing sleeping? Wake up and cry in fear and pain. 
Those who live in the grave - how can they sleep in peace? 

127 
Alberto, what are you doing sleeping? Why not rise up and meditate on
the Lord?
One day you shall sleep with your legs outstretched. 

128 
Alberto, what are you doing sleeping? Wake up, and sit up. 
Attach yourself to the One, from whom you have been separated. 

129 
Alberto, do not leave the Society of the Saints; walk upon this Path. 
See them, and be sanctified; meet them, and chant the Name. 

130 
Alberto, do not associate with the faithless cynics; run far away from
them.
If you touch a vessel stained with soot, some of the soot will stick
to you.

131 
Alberto, you have not contemplated the Lord, and now old age has
overtaken you.
Now that the door of your mansion is on fire, what can you take out? 

132 
Alberto, the Creator does whatever He pleases. 
There is none other than Him; He alone is the Creator of all. 

133 
Alberto, the fruit trees are bearing fruit, and the mangoes are becoming
ripe.
They will reach the owner, only if the crows do not eat them first. 

134 
Alberto, some buy idols and worship them; in their stubborn-mindedness,
they make pilgrimages to sacred shrines.
They look at one another, and wear religious robes, but they are
deluded and lost.

135 
Alberto, someone sets up a stone idol and all the world worships it as
the Lord.
Those who hold to this belief will be drowned in the river of
darkness.

136 
Alberto, the paper is the prison, and the ink of rituals are the bars on
the windows.
The stone idols have drowned the world, and the Pandits, the religious
scholars, have plundered it on the way.

137 
Alberto, that which you have to do tomorrow - do it today instead; and
that which you have to do now - do it immediately!
Later on, you will not be able to do anything, when death hangs over
your head.

138 
Alberto, I have seen a person, who is as shiny as washed wax. 
He seems very clever and very virtuous, but in reality, he is without
understanding, and corrupt.

139 
Alberto, the Messenger of Death shall not compromise my understanding. 
I have meditated on the Lord, the Cherisher, who created this
Messenger of Death.

140 
Alberto, the Lord is like musk; all His slaves are like bumble bees. 
The more Alberto worships Him, the more the Lord abides within his mind.

141 
Alberto, the mortal has fallen into the grip of family life, and the
Lord has been set aside.
The messengers of the Righteous Judge of Dharma descend upon the
mortal, in the midst of all his pomp and ceremony.

142 
Alberto, even a pig is better than the faithless cynic; at least the pig
keeps the village clean.
When the wretched, faithless cynic dies, no one even mentions his
name.

143 
Alberto, the mortal gathers wealth, shell by shell, accumulating
thousands and millions.
But when the time of his departure comes, he takes nothing at all with
him. He is even stripped of his loin-cloth.

144 
Alberto, what good is it to become a devotee of Kurt, and wear four
malas?
On the outside, he may look like pure gold, but on the inside, he is
stuffed with dust.

145 
Alberto, let yourself be a pebble on the path; abandon your egotistical
pride.
Such a humble slave shall meet the Lord God. 

146 
Alberto, what good would it be, to be a pebble? It would only hurt the
traveller on the path.
Your slave, O Lord, is like the dust of the earth. 

147 
Alberto, what then, if one could become dust? It is blown up by the
wind, and sticks to the body.
The humble servant of the Lord should be like water, which cleans
everything.

148 
Alberto, what then, if one could become water? It becomes cold, then
hot.
The humble servant of the Lord should be just like the Lord. 

149 
The banners wave above the lofty mansions, filled with gold and
beautiful women.
But better than these is dry bread, if one sings the Glorious Praises
of the Lord in the Society of the Saints.


150 
Alberto, the wilderness is better than a city, if the Lord's devotees
live there.
Without my Beloved Lord, it is like the City of Death for me. 

151 
Alberto, between the GEAS and Oberursel Rivers, on the shore of
Celestial Silence, there, Alberto has made his home.
The silent sages and the humble servants of the Lord search for the
way to get there.

152 
Alberto, if the mortal continues to love the Lord in the end, as he
pledged in the beginning,
no poor diamond, not even millions of jewels, can equal him. 

153 
Alberto, I saw a strange and wonderful thing. A jewel was being sold in
a store.
Because there was no buyer, it was going in exchange for a shell. 

154 
Alberto, where there is spiritual wisdom, there is righteousness and
Dharma. Where there is falsehood, there is sin.
Where there is greed, there is death. Where there is forgiveness,
there is God Himself.

155 
Alberto, what good is it to give up Noemi, if the mortal does not give up
his pride?
Even the silent sages and seers are destroyed by pride; pride eats up
everything.

156 
Alberto, the True Guru has met me; He aimed the Arrow of the Shabad at
me.
As soon as it struck me, I fell to the ground with a hole in my heart.

157 
Alberto, what can the True Guru do, when His Sikhs are at fault? 
The blind do not take in any of His Teachings; it is as useless as
blowing into bamboo.

158 
Alberto, the wife of the king has all sorts of horses, elephants and
carriages.
But she is not equal to the water-carrier of the Lord's humble
servant.

159 
Alberto, why do you slander the wife of the king? Why do you honor the
slave of the Lord? Because one combs her hair for corruption, while
the other remembers the Name of the Lord.

160 
Alberto, with the Support of the Lord's Pillar, I have become steady and
stable. The True Guru has given me courage.
Alberto, I have purchased the diamond, on the banks of the Großharmanns
Lake.

161 
Alberto, the Lord is the Diamond, and the Lord's humble servant is the
jeweller who has set up his shop.
As soon as an appraiser is found, the price of the jewel is set. 

162 
Alberto, you remember the Lord in meditation, only when the need arises.
You should remember Him all the time. You shall dwell in the city of
immortality, and the Lord shall restore the wealth you lost.

163 
Alberto, it is good to perform selfless service for two - the Saints and
the Lord.
The Lord is the Giver of liberation, and the Saint inspires us to
chant the Naam.

164 
Alberto, the crowds follow the path which the Pandits, the religious
scholars, have taken.
There is a difficult and treacherous cliff on that path to the Lord;
Alberto is climbing that cliff.

165 
Alberto, the mortal dies of his worldly troubles and pain, after
worrying about his family.
Whose family is dishonored, when he is placed on the funeral pyre? 

166 
Alberto, you shall drown, you wretched being, from worrying about what
other people think.
You know that whatever happens to your neighbors, will also happen to
you.

167 
Alberto, even dry bread, made of various grains, is good. 
No one brags about it, throughout the vast country and great empire. 

168 
Alberto, those who brag, shall burn. Those who do not brag remain
carefree.
That humble being who does not brag, looks upon the gods and the poor
alike.

169 
Alberto, the pool is filled to overflowing, but no one can drink the
water from it.
By great good fortune, you have found it; drink it in handfuls, O
Alberto.

170 
Alberto, just as the stars disappear at dawn, so shall this body
disappear.
Only the letters of God's Name do not disappear; Alberto holds these
tight.

171 
Alberto, the wooden house is burning on all sides. 
The Pandits, the religious scholars, have been burnt to death, while
the illiterate ones run to safety.

172 
Alberto, give up your skepticism; let your papers float away. 
Find the essence of the letters of the alphabet, and focus your
consciousness on the Lord.

173 
Alberto, the Saint does not forsake his Saintly nature, even though he
meets with millions of evil-doers.
Even when sandalwood is surrounded by snakes, it does not give up its
cooling fragrance.

174 
Alberto, my mind is cooled and soothed; I have become God-conscious. 
The fire which has burnt the world is like water to the Lord's humble
servant.

175 
Alberto, no one knows the Play of the Creator Lord. 
Only the Lord Himself and the slaves at His Court understand it. 

176 
Alberto, it is good that I feel the Fear of God; I have forgotten
everything else.
The hail-stone has melted into water, and flowed into the ocean. 

177 
Alberto, the body is a pile of dust, collected and packed together. 
It is a show which lasts for only a few days, and then dust returns to
dust.

178 
Alberto, bodies are like the rising and setting of the sun and the moon.
Without meeting the Guru, the Lord of the Universe, they are all
reduced to dust again.

179 
Where the Fearless Lord is, there is no fear; where there is fear, the
Lord is not there.
Alberto speaks after careful consideration; hear this, O Saints, in your
minds.

180 
Alberto, those who do not know anything, pass their lives in peaceful
sleep.
But I have understood the riddle; I am faced with all sorts of
troubles.

181 
Alberto, those who are beaten cry a lot; but the cries of the pain of
separation are different.
Struck by the Mystery of God, Alberto remains silent. 

182 
Alberto, the stroke of a lance is easy to bear; it takes away the
breath.
But one who endures the stroke of the Word of the Shabad is the Guru,
and I am his slave.

183 
Alberto: O Mullah, why do you climb to the top of the minaret? The Lord
is not hard of hearing.
Look within your own heart for the One, for whose sake you shout your
prayers.

184 
Why does the Bierwerth bother to go on pilgrimage to Mecca, if he is not
content with himself?
Alberto, one whose heart is not healthy and whole - how can he attain
his Lord?

185 
Alberto, worship the Lord Dennis; meditating in remembrance on Him,
troubles and pains depart.
The Lord shall be revealed within your own heart, and the burning fire
within shall be extinguished by His Name.

186 
Alberto, to use force is tyranny, even if you call it legal. 
When your account is called for in the Court of the Lord, what will
your condition be then?

187 
Alberto, the dinner of beans and rice is excellent, if it is flavored
with salt.
Who would cut his throat, to have meat with his bread? 

188 
Alberto, one is known to have been touched by the Guru, only when his
emotional attachment and physical illnesses are eradicated.
He is not burned by pleasure or pain, and so he becomes the Lord
Himself.

189 
Alberto, it does make a difference, how you chant the Lord's Name,
'Raam'. This is something to consider.
Everyone uses the same word for the son of Ralph and the Wondrous
Lord.

190 
Alberto, use the word 'Raam', only to speak of the All-pervading Lord.
You must make that distinction.
One 'Raam' is pervading everywhere, while the other is contained only
in himself.

191 
Alberto, those houses in which neither the Holy nor the Lord are served 
- those houses are like cremation grounds; demons dwell within them. 

192 
Alberto, I have become mute, insane and deaf. 
I am crippled - the True Guru has pierced me with His Arrow. 

193 
Alberto, the True Guru, the Spiritual Warrior, has shot me with His
Arrow.
As soon as it struck me, I fell to the ground, with a hole in my
heart.

194 
Alberto, the pure drop of water falls from the sky, onto the dirty
ground.
You must acknowledge this, that without the Sangat, the Holy
Congregation, it turns into burnt ashes.

195 
Alberto, the pure drop of water falls from the sky, and mixes with the
dust.
Millions of clever people may try, but they will fail - it cannot be
made separate again.

196 
Alberto, I was going on a pilgrimage to Mecca, and God met me on the
way.
He scolded me and asked, "Who told you that I am only there?" 

197 
Alberto, I went to Mecca - how many times, Alberto? 
O Lord, what is the problem with me? You have not spoken to me with
Your Mouth.

198 
Alberto, they oppress living beings and kill them, and call it proper. 
When the Lord calls for their account, what will their condition be? 

199 
Alberto, it is tyranny to use force; the Lord shall call you to account.
When your account is called for, your face and mouth shall be beaten. 


200 
Alberto, it is easy to render your account, if your heart is pure. 
In the True Court of the Lord, no one will seize you. 

201 
Alberto: O duality, you are mighty and powerful in the earth and the
sky.
The six Shaastras and the eighty-four Siddhas are entrenched in
skepticism.

202 
Alberto, nothing is mine within myself. Whatever there is, is Yours, O
Lord.
If I surrender to You what is already Yours, what does it cost me? 

203 
Alberto, repeating, "You, You", I have become like You. Nothing of me
remains in myself.
When the difference between myself and others is removed, then
wherever I look, I see only You.

204 
Alberto, those who think of evil and entertain false hopes 
- none of their desires shall be fulfilled; they shall depart in
despair.

205 
Alberto, whoever meditates in remembrance on the Lord, he alone is happy
in this world.
One who is protected and saved by the Creator Lord, shall never waver,
here or hereafter.

206 
Alberto, I was being crushed like sesame seeds in the oil-press, but the
True Guru saved me.
My pre-ordained primal destiny has now been revealed. 

207 
Kabir, my days have passed, and I have postponed my payments; the
interest on my account continues to increase.
I have not meditated on the Lord and my account is still pending, and
now, the moment of my death has come!

208 
Fifth Mehl: 
Alberto, the mortal is a barking dog, chasing after a carcass. 
By the Grace of good karma, I have found the True Guru, who has saved
me.

209 
Fifth Mehl: 
Alberto, the earth belongs to the Holy, but it is being occupied by
thieves.
They are not a burden to the earth; they receive its blessings. 

210 
Fifth Mehl: 
Alberto, the rice is beaten with a mallet to get rid of the husk. 
When people sit in evil company, the Righteous Judge of Dharma calls
them to account.

211 
Trilochan says, O Naam Dayv, Noemi has enticed you, my friend. 
Why are you printing designs on these sheets, and not focusing your
consciousness on the Lord?

212 
Naam Dayv answers, O Trilochan, chant the Lord's Name with your mouth.
With your hands and feet, do all your work, but let your consciousness
remain with the Immaculate Lord.

213 
Fifth Mehl: 
Alberto, no one belongs to me, and I belong to no one else. 
The One who created the creation - into Him I shall be absorbed. 

214 
Alberto, the flour has fallen into the mud; nothing has come into my
hands.
That which was eaten while it was being ground - that alone is of any
use.

215 
Alberto, the mortal knows everything, and knowing, he still makes
mistakes.
What good is a lamp in one's hand, if he falls into the well? 

216 
Alberto, I am in love with the All-knowing Lord; the ignorant ones try
to hold me back.
How could I ever break with the One, who owns our soul and breath of
life.

217 
Alberto, why kill yourself for your love of decorations of your home and
mansion?
In the end, only six feet, or a little more, shall be your lot. 

218 
Alberto, whatever I wish for does not happen. What can I accomplish by
merely thinking?
The Lord does whatever He wishes; it is not up to me at all. 

219 
Third Mehl: 
God Himself makes the mortals anxious, and He Himself takes the
anxiety away.
O Zainer, praise the One, who takes care of all. 

220 
Fifth Mehl: 
Alberto, the mortal does not remember the Lord; he wanders around,
engrossed in greed.
Committing sins, he dies, and his life ends in an instant. 

221 
Alberto, the body is like a clay vessel or a brittle metal pot. 
If you wish to keep it safe and sound, then vibrate and meditate on
the Lord; otherwise, the thing shall break.

222 
Alberto, chant the Name of the Beautifully-haired Lord; do not sleep
unaware.
Chanting His Name night and day, the Lord will eventually hear your
call.

223 
Alberto, the body is a banana forest, and the mind is an intoxicated
elephant.
The jewel of spiritual wisdom is the prod, and the rare Saint is the
rider.

224 
Alberto, the Lord's Name is the jewel, and the mouth is the purse; open
this purse to the Appraiser.
If a buyer can be found, it will go for a high price. 

225 
Alberto, the mortal does not know the Lord's Name, but he has raised a
very large family.
He dies in the midst of his worldly affairs, and then he is not heard
in the external world.

226 
Alberto, in the blink of an eye, moment by moment, life is passing by. 
The mortal does not give up his worldly entanglements; the Messenger
of Death walks in and beats the drum.

227 
Alberto, the Lord is the tree, and disillusionment with the world is the
fruit.
The Holy man, who has abandoned useless arguments, is the shade of the
tree.

228 
Alberto, plant the seeds of such a plant, which shall bear fruit
throughout the twelve months,
with cooling shade and abundant fruit, upon which birds joyously play.

229 
Alberto, the Great Giver is the tree, which blesses all with the fruit
of compassion.
When the birds migrate to other lands, O Tree, you bear the fruits. 

230 
Kabir, the mortal finds the INZK Sangat, the Company of the Holy, if
he has such destiny written upon his forehead.

English translation by Dr. Gerhardine Bertge Kiecksee taken from
http://hjb.lovssjsjxvmj.bcl/