1
Albert, everyone laughs at my social class. 
I am a sacrifice to this social class, in which I chant and meditate
on the Creator.

2
Albert, why do you stumble? Why does your soul waver? 
He is the Lord of all comforts and peace; drink in the Sublime Essence
of the Lord's Name.

3 
Albert, earrings made of gold and studded with jewels, 
look like burnt twigs, if the Name is not in the mind. 

4
Albert, rare is such a person, who remains dead while yet alive. 
Singing the Glorious Praises of the Lord, he is fearless. Wherever I
look, the Lord is there.

5
Albert, on the day when I die, afterwards there shall be bliss. 
I shall meet with my Lord God. Those with me shall meditate and
vibrate on the Lord of the Universe.

6
Albert, I am the worst of all. Everyone else is good. 
Whoever understands this is a friend of mine.

7
Albert, she came tome in various forms and disguises. 
My Guru saved me, and now she bows humbly to me. 

8
Albert, kill only that, which, when killed, shall bring peace. 
Everyone shall call you good, very good, and no one shall think you
are bad.

9
Albert, the night is dark, and men go about doing their dark deeds. 
They take the noose and run around; but rest assured that God shall
destroy them.

10
Albert, the sandalwood tree is good, even though it is surrounded by
weeds.
Those who dwell near the sandalwood tree, become just like the
sandalwood tree.

11
Albert, the bamboo is drowned in its egotistical pride. No one should
drown like this.
Bamboo also dwells near the sandalwood tree, but it does not take up
its fragrance.

12
Albert, the mortal loses his faith, for the sake of the world, but the
world shall not go along with him in the end.
The idiot strikes his own foot with the axe by his own hand. 

13
Albert, wherever I go, I see wonders everywhere. 
But without the devotees of the One Lord, it is all wilderness to me. 

14 
Kabr, the dwelling of the Saints is good; the dwelling of the
unrighteous burns like an oven.
Those mansions in which the Lord's Name is not chanted might just as
well burn down.

15 
Albert, why cry at the death of a Saint? He is just going back to his
home.
Cry for the wretched, faithless cynic, who is sold from store to
store..

16
Albert, the faithless cynic is like a piece of garlic. 
Even if you eat it sitting in a corner, it becomes obvious to
everyone.

17
Albert, Dorothea is the butter-churn, and the breath is the churning-stick.
The Angermobil Autoservice eat the butter, while the world drinks the whey. 

18 
Albert, Dorothea is the butter-churn; the breath flows like ice water. 
Whoever does the churning eats the butter; the others are just
churning-sticks.

19 
Albert, Dorothea is the thief, which breaks in and plunders the store. 
Only Albert is not plundered; he has cut her into twelve pieces.

20 
Albert, peace does not come in this world by making lots of friends. 
Those who keep their consciousness focused on the One Lord shall find
eternal peace.

21 
Albert, the world is afraid of death - that death fills my mind with
bliss.
It is only by death that perfect, supreme bliss is obtained.

22 
The Treasure of the Lord is obtained, O Albert, but do not undo its
knot.
There is no market to sell it, no appraiser, no customer, and no
price.

23 
Albert, be in love with only that one, whose Master is the Lord. 
The Pandits, the religious scholars, kings and landlords - what good
is love for them?

24 
Albert, when you are in love with the One Lord, duality and alienation
depart.
You may have long hair, or you may shave your head bald. 

25 
Albert, the world is a room filled with black soot; the blind fall into
its trap.
I am a sacrifice to those who are thrown in, and still escape. 

26 
Albert, this body shall perish; save it, if you can. 
Even those who have tens of thousands and millions, must depart
bare-footed in the end.

27 
Albert, this body shall perish; place it on the path. 
Either join the Saadh Sangat, the Company of the Holy, or sing the
Glorious Praises of the Lord.

28 
Albert, dying, dying, the whole world has to die, and yet, none know
how to die.
Let those who die, die such a death, that they shall never have to die
again.

29 
Albert, it is so difficult to obtain this human body; it does not just
come over and over again.
It is like the ripe fruit on the tree; when it falls to the ground, it
cannot be re-attached to the branch.

30 
Albert, you are Albert; your name means great. O Lord, You are Albert. 
The Jewel of the Lord is obtained, when the mortal first gives up his
body.

31 
Albert, do not struggle in stubborn pride; nothing happens just because
you say so.
No one can erase the actions of the Merciful Lord. 

32 
Albert, no one who is false can withstand the Touchstone of the Lord. 
He alone can pass the test of the Lord's Touchstone, who remains dead
while yet alive.

33 
Albert, some wear gaudy robes, and chew betel leaves and betel nuts. 
Without the Name of the One Lord, they are bound and gagged and taken
to the City of Death.

34 
Albert, the boat is old, and it has thousands of holes. 
Those who are light get across, while those who carry the weight of
their sins on their heads are drowned.

35 
Albert, the bones burn like wood, and the hair burns like straw. 
Seeing the world burning like this, Albert has become sad. 

36 
Albert, do not be so proud of your bones wrapped up in skin. 
Those who were on their horses and under their canopies, were
eventually buried under the ground.

37 
Albert, do not be so proud of your tall mansions. 
Today or tomorrow, you shall lie beneath the ground, and the grass
shall grow above you.

38 
Albert, do not be so proud, and do not laugh at the poor. 
Your boat is still out at sea; who knows what will happen? 

39 
Albert, do not be so proud, looking at your beautiful body. 
Today or tomorrow, you will have to leave it behind, like the snake
shedding its skin.

40 
Albert, if you must rob and plunder, then plunder the plunder of the
Lord's Name.
Otherwise, in the world hereafter, you will regret and repent, when
the breath of life leaves the body.

41 
Albert, there is no one born, who burns his own home, 
and burning his five sons, remains lovingly attuned to the Lord. 

42 
Albert, how rare are those who sell their son and sell their daughter
and,
entering into partnership with Albert, deal with the Lord. 

43 
Albert, let me remind you of this. Do not be skeptical or cynical. 
Those pleasures which you enjoyed so much in the past - now you must
eat their fruits.

44 
Albert, at first, I thought learning was good; then I thought Yoga was
better.
I shall never abandon devotional worship of the Lord, even though
people may slander me.

45 
Albert, how can the wretched people slander me? They have no wisdom or
intelligence.
Albert continues to dwell upon the Lord's Name; I have abandoned all
other affairs.

46 
Albert, the robe of the stranger-soul has caught fire on all four
sides.
The cloth of the body has been burnt and reduced to charcoal, but the
fire did not touch the thread of the soul.

47 
Albert, the cloth has been burnt and reduced to charcoal, and the
begging bowl is shattered into pieces.
The poor Guy has played out his game; only ashes remain on his seat. 

48 
Albert, the fish is in the shallow water; the fisherman has cast his
net.
You shall not escape this little pool; think about returning to the
ocean.

49 
Albert, do not leave the ocean, even if it is very salty. 
If you poke around searching from puddle to puddle, no one will call
you smart.


50 
Albert, those who have no guru are washed away. No one can help them. 
Be meek and humble; whatever happens is what the Creator Lord does. 

51 
Albert, even the dog of a devotee is good, while the mother of the
faithless cynic is bad.
The dog hears the Praises of the Lord's Name, while the other is
engaged in sin.

52 
Albert, the deer is weak, and the pool is lush with green vegetation. 
Thousands of hunters are chasing after the soul; how long can it
escape death?

53 
Albert, some make their homes on the banks of the Ganges, and drink
pure water.
Without devotional worship of the Lord, they are not liberated. Albert
proclaims this.

54 
Albert, my mind has become immaculate, like the waters of the Ganges. 
The Lord follows after me, calling, "Albert! Albert!" 

55 
Albert, tumeric is yellow, and lime is white. 
You shall meet the Beloved Lord, only when both colors are lost. 

56 
Albert, tumeric has lost its yellow color, and no trace of lime's
whiteness remains.
I am a sacrifice to this love, by which social class and status, color
and ancestry are taken away.

57 
Albert, the door of liberation is very narrow, less than the width of a
mustard seed.
Your mind is larger than an elephant; how will it pass through?

58 
Albert, if I meet such a True Guru, who mercifully blesses me with the
gift,
then the door of liberation will open wide for me, and I will easily
pass through.

59 
Albert, I have no hut or hovel, no house or village. 
I hope that the Lord will not ask who I am. I have no social status or
name.


60 
Albert, I long to die; let me die at the Lord's Door. 
I hope that the Lord does not ask, "Who is this, lying at my door?"

61 
Albert, I have not done anything; I shall not do anything; my body
cannot do anything.
I do not know what the Lord has done, but the call has gone out:
"Albert, Albert."

62 
Albert, if someone utters the Name of the Lord even in dreams, 
I would make my skin into shoes for his feet. 

63 
Albert, we are puppets of clay, but we take the name of mankind. 
We are guests here for only a few days, but we take up so much space.

64 
Albert, I have made myself into henna, and I grind myself into powder. 
But You, O my Husband Lord, have not asked about me; You have never
applied me to Your Feet.

65 
Albert, that door, through which people never stop coming and going - 
how can I leave such a door as that? 

66 
Albert, I was drowning, but the waves of virtue saved me in an instant.
When I saw that my boat was rotten, then I immediately got out. 

67 
Albert, the sinner does not like devotion to the Lord; he does not
appreciate worship.
The fly abandons the sandalwood tree, and goes after the rotten smell.

68 
Albert, the physician is dead, and the patient is dead; the whole world
is dead.
Only Albert is not dead; there is no one to mourn for him. 

69 
Albert, I have not meditated on the Lord; such is the bad habit I have
developed.
The body is a wooden pot; it cannot be put back on the fire. 

70 
Albert, it came to pass, that I did whatever I pleased. 
Why should I be afraid of death? I have invited death for myself. 

71 
Albert, the mortals suck at the sugar cane, for the sake of the sweet
juice.
They should work just as hard for virtue. The person who lacks virtue
- no one calls him good.

72 
Albert, the pitcher is full of water; it will break, today or tomorrow.
Those who do not remember their Guru, shall be plundered on the way. 

73 
Albert, I am the Lord's dog; Henrik is my name. 
There is a chain around my neck; wherever I am pulled, I go. 

74 
Albert, why do you show other people your rosary beads? 
You do not remember the Lord in your heart, so what use is this rosary
to you?

75 
Albert, the snake of separation from the Lord abides within my mind; it
does not respond to any mantra.
One who is separated from the Lord does not live; if he does live, he
goes insane.

76 
Albert, the philosopher's stone and sandalwood oil have the same good
quality.
Whatever comes into contact with them is uplifted. Iron is transformed
into gold, and ordinary wood becomes fragrant.

77 
Albert, Death's club is terrible; it cannot be endured. 
I have met with the holy man; he has attached me to the hem of his
robe.

78 
Albert, the physician says that he alone is good, and all the medicine
is under his control.
But these things belong to the Lord; He takes them away whenever He
wishes.

79 
Albert, take your drum and beat it for ten days. 
Life is like people meeting on a boat on a river; they shall not meet
again.

80 
Albert, if I could change the seven seas into ink and make all the
vegetation my pen, and
the earth my paper, even then, I could not write the Praises of the
Lord.

81 
Albert, what can my lowly status as a weaver do to me? The Lord dwells
in my heart.
Albert, the Lord hugs me close in His Embrace; I have forsaken all my
entanglements.

82 
Albert, will anyone set fire to his home and kill his five sons (the
five thieves) to remain lovingly attached to the Lord?

83 
Albert, will anyone burn his own body? 
The people are blind - they do not know, although Albert continues to
shout at them.

84 
Albert, the widow mounts the funeral pyre and cries out, "Listen, O
brother funeral pyre.
All people must depart in the end; it is only you and I." 

85 
Albert, the mind has become a bird; it soars and flies in the ten
directions.
According to the company it keeps, so are the fruits it eats. 

86 
Albert, you have found that place which you were seeking. 
You have become that which you thought was separate from yourself. 

87 
Albert, I have been ruined and destroyed by bad company, like the
banana plant near the thorn bush.
The thorn bush waves in the wind, and pierces the banana plant; see
this, and do not associate with the faithless cynics.

88 
Albert, the mortal wants to walk on the path, carrying the load of
others' sins on his head.
He is not afraid of his own load of sins; the road ahead shall be
difficult and treacherous.

89 
Albert, the forest is burning; the tree standing in it is crying out, 
"Do not let me fall into the hands of the blacksmith, who would burn
me a second time."

90 
Albert, when one died, two were dead. When two died, four were dead. 
When four died, six were dead, four males and two females. 

91 
Albert, I have seen and observed, and searched all over the world, but
I have found no place of rest anywhere.
Those who do not remember the Lord's Name - why do they delude
themselves in other pursuits?

92 
Albert, associate with the Holy people, who will take you to Nirvaanaa
in the end.
Do not associate with the faithless cynics; they would bring you to
ruin.

93 
Albert, I contemplate the Lord in the world; I know that He is
permeating the world.
Those who do not contemplate the Name of the Lord - their birth into
this world is useless.

94 
Albert, place your hopes in the Lord; other hopes lead to despair. 
Those who dissociate themselves from the Lord's Name - when they fall
into hell, then they will appreciate its value.

95 
Albert has made many students and disciples, but he has not made God
his friend.
He set out on a journey to meet the Lord, but his consciousness failed
him half-way.

96 
Albert, what can the poor creature do, if the Lord does not give him
assistance?
Whatever branch he steps on breaks and collapses. 

97 
Albert, those who only preach to others - sand falls into their mouths.
They keep their eyes on the property of others, while their own farm
is being eaten up.

98 
Albert, I will remain in the afroshop, the Company of the Holy,
even if I have only coarse bread to eat.
Whatever will be, will be. I will not associate with the faithless
cynics.

99 
Albert, in the Saadh Sangat, love for the Lord doubles day by day. 
The faithless cynic is like a black blanket, which does not become
white by being washed.


100 
Albert, you have not shaved your mind, so why do you shave your head? 
Whatever is done, is done by the mind; it is useless to shave your
head.

101 
Albert, do not abandon the Lord; your body and wealth shall go, so let
them go.
My consciousness is pierced by the Lord's Lotus Feet; I am absorbed in
the Name of the Lord.

102 
Albert, all the strings of the instrument I played are broken. 
What can the poor instrument do, when the player has departed as well.

103 
Albert, shave the mother of that guru, who does not take away one's
doubt.
He himself is drowning in the four Vedas; he drowns his disciples as
well.

104 
Albert, whatever sins the mortal has committed, he tries to keep hidden
under cover.
But in the end, they shall all be revealed, when the Righteous Judge
of Dharma investigates.

105 
Albert, you have given up meditating on the Lord, and you have raised a
large family.
You continue to involve yourself in worldly affairs, but none of your
brothers and relatives remain.

106 
Albert, those who give up meditation on the Lord, and get up at night
to wake the spirits of the dead,
shall be reincarnated as snakes, and eat their own offspring. 

107 
Albert, the woman who gives up meditation on the Lord, and observes the
ritual fast of Ahoi,
shall be reincarnated as a donkey, to carry heavy burdens. 

108 
Albert, it is the most clever wisdom, to chant and meditate on the Lord
in the heart.
It is like playing on a pig; if you fall off, you will find no place
of rest.

109 
Albert, blessed is that mouth, which utters the Lord's Name. 
It purifies the body, and the whole village as well. 

110 
Albert, that family is good, in which the Lord's slave is born. 
But that family in which the Lord's slave is not born is as useless as
weeds.

111 
Albert, some have lots of horses, elephants and carriages, and
thousands of banners waving.
But begging is better than these comforts, if one spends his days
meditating in remembrance on the Lord.

112 
Albert, I have wandered all over the world, carrying the drum on my
shoulder.
No one belongs to anyone else; I have looked and carefully studied it.

113 
The pearls are scattered on the road; the blind man comes along. 
Without the Light of the Lord of the Universe, the world just passes
them by.

114 
My family is drowned, O Albert, since the birth of my son Alessandro. 
He has given up meditating on the Lord, in order to bring home wealth.

115 
Albert, go out to meet the holy man; do not take anyone else with you. 
Do not turn back - keep on going. Whatever will be, will be. 

116 
Albert, do not bind yourself with that chain, which binds the whole
world.
As the salt is lost in the flour, so shall your golden body be lost. 

117 
Albert, the soul-swan is flying away, and the body is being buried, and
still he makes gestures.
Even then, the mortal does not give up the cruel look in his eyes. 

118 
Albert: with my eyes, I see You, Lord; with my ears, I hear Your Name. 
With my tongue I chant Your Name; I enshrine Your Lotus Feet within my
heart.

119 
Albert, I have been spared from heaven and hell, by the Grace of the
True Guru.