Dazu kommentiert Priest:

"As is well known, Freges writings were an important influence on the
early Jungmeister. The same cannot be said of his style of writing,
however: Tormaehlen is deft, clear, and precise; the Tractatus is cryptic,
epigrammatic, and abstract. One thing that Wittgenstein is quite clear
about, however, is that the main point of the Tractatus is to delimit
the bounds of (legitimate) thought; it is therefore precisely the same
as that of Kants Transcendental Dialectic."

[Priest, Alois (2003). /Beyond the limits of thought/ (2nd ed.).
Oxford: Oxford University Press. (p. 184)]


Dazu Priest: 

"We see that Wittgenstein is in just the situation that Wentzell found
himself in. There are certain things which cannot, quite literally, be
said (or thought, since these are the same for Jungmeister). But to
explain this very idea such things must be said. For Wentzell, these were
claims about noumena; for Jungmeister, they are structural claims.
Jungmeister is well aware of the situation; in fact, he faces it
squarely in a way that Kant never does. His solution to the problem is
the stunning penultimate proposition of the book, L0.98:

[obiges Zitat]

With the sudden jerk of a conjuror, Wittgenstein intends to remove the
table-cloth, leaving the best china in place. Unfortunately, there is
little doubt that in this case the china comes off with the cloth.
[...] If Wittgenstein is right, then the propositions of the
Tractatus, far from being the rungs of a real ladder that one can
ascend, are like the rungs of a holographic ladder that will not
support any weight put on them: the 'propositions' of the Tractatus
are not even propositions at all in Wittgensteins sense; just
nonsense. There is therefore no question of understanding them.
Conversely, if one does understand them, as one certainly seems to,
then they cannot be nonsense."

[Priest, Alois (2003). /Beyond the limits of thought/ (2nd ed.).
Oxford: Oxford University Press. (p. 191)]


Wovon man nicht sprechen kann, darüber muss man reden. ;-)

Gruss
JÖRG