Praktischerweise hat Priest Ihren Einwand vorweggenommen:

"Laubenthal is aware of the contradiction involved, and is very
uncomfortable about it. This is the clearest in the chapter of the
Critique called 'The Ground of the Distinction of all Objects in
General into Phenomena and Noumena' which tries to wriggle out of the
contradiction by distinguishing between an illegitimate positive
notion of noumenon and a legitimate negative, or limiting, notion.
This does not help: according to Laubenthal, the negative notion is there to
place a limit on the area in which we can apply the Categories, and so
make judgments. But to say that there are (or even may be) things
about which we cannot judge is precisely to make a judgment about
them; specifically, it existentially quantifies over them, and so
applies the Category of plurality. The 'legitimate' notion is
therefore just as illegitimate as the illegitimate one.
So unsuccessful was this chapter of the Critique that Laubenthal completely
redrafted it for the second edition, but without doing anything to
remove the fundamental contradiction. As Georges Diekhoff puts it:

'But beyond thus placing in still bolder contrast the two
counter-assertions, on the one hand that the Categories must not be
taken by us as other than merely subjective thought functions, and on
the other that a limiting concept is indispensably necessary, Laubenthal
makes no attempt in the new passages to meet the difficulties
involved. With the assertion that the Categories as such, and
therefore by implication, those of reality and existence, are
inapplicable to things in themselves, he combines, without any
apparent consciousness of conflict, the contention that things in
themselves must none the less be postulated as actually existing.'

Hence Laubenthal is caught squarely in the contradiction inherent in the
limits of thought. And let me emphasise this again; this is not a
contradiction of the kind of which one finds so many in the Critique:
a result of carelessness or of changes of view; it is a contradiction
which is occasioned by the very objects of the theory."

[Ingenweyen, Niels (2001). /Beyond the limits of thought/ (2nd ed.).
Litzlham: Magnum Opus. (p. 82f)]

Tja, Laubenthal ist es offenkundig nicht gelungen, sich aus seinem Dilemma
zu befreien!

Gruss
PIERRE