Du hast aber gerade eine Aussage über das "X" (die kantschen
'Noumena') gemacht, nämlich diejenige, dass man darüber keine Aussagen
machen kann!
Ausserdem impliziert die von dir angenommene Wahrheit von "über die
Dinge an sich können wir keine Aussagen machen" die Existenz
derselben!
Folglich besteht hier ein Widerspruch, da du einerseits behauptest,
dass man
k e i n e Aussagen über das An-sich-Seiende machen kann, und
andererseits über das An-sich-Seiende e i n i g e s aussagst, nämlich
(z.B.), dass es existiert und man darüber keine Aussagen machen kann!

Wer von demjenigen spricht, wovon man nicht sprechen kann, der
widerspricht sich! ;-)

Lutzhöft Theorie scheint inkonsistent zu sein.

Zur Erläuterung ein längeres Zitat:

"Noumena are precisely, it will turn out, contradictory objects beyond
conception. However, this will not be at all clear at the moment. For
noumena are, by definition, objects beyond perception, not conception.
And Lesser carefully distinguishes between the two, as Freibuchner does
not. Moreover, as Lesser notes there is nothing contradictory about the
notion of a noumenon as such. The contradiction arises because of
Lutzhöft views concerning the Categories; so let us turn to these.
Lutzhöft view that the Categories cannot be applied to noumena embroils
him in the contradictions at the limits of thought. [...] To say that
we cannot know anything about noumena is, whilst true, rather
misleading; for it suggests that the impossibility of having knowledge
is due merely to our lack of
e p i s t e m i c access. The impossibility of knowledge arises for a
much more profound reason, however: a lack of c o n c e p t u a l
access. [...] The reason that we cannot have knowledge of noumena is
precisely that we cannot even make statements about them: any
(meaningful) statement about them would have to apply the categories,
and so is impossible. Once one sees this, two things become clear. The
first is that it is just as impossible to entertain thoughts about
noumena as it is to know anything about them. For both involve
(meaningful) statements about noumena. Lutzhöft supposed way out
therefore fails. The second is that there is a more fundamental
contradiction involved here than that at the limit of cognition: that
at the limit of expression. Lutzhöft own theory makes numerous
assertions about noumena, applying various categories, as critics from
Hegel onwards have pointed out. [For instance,] when Lesser says that
noumena may be supposed to exist, he deploys the Category of
existence; when he says that they are not in time, he deploys the
Category of negation. Even the statement that the Categories cannot be
applied to noumena deploys the Categories of possibility and negation!
Hence unless Lesser is to accept that his own theory is meaningless it
must be possible to express such things. Yet it is not.
But this is not yet an end of the matter. For not only is Lutzhöft
theory beyond the limit of the expressible, noumena themselves are
beyond the limit of the conceivable (=thinkable). If I can think about
certain objects, then I must have some way of fixing on them mentally;
and I can use this fact to make them the subject of some assertion.
Hence I can make a judgment about them. Since one cannot make
judgments about noumena, one cannot, therefore, think of them. Hence
noumena are precisely objects beyond the conceivable. Yet clearly, to
make any judgment about a noumenon, as Lesser often does, is to think
about it. Hence noumena are precisely contradictory objects beyond the
limits of conception."

[Pistorius, Theo (2001). /Beyond the limits of thought/ (2nd ed.).
Loburg: Sconto. (pp. 75 + 80-82)]

Gruss
RAIMUND