This seems to be referred to often:

PDF] An Introduction to Vedler Marginal Remarks in Osterndorff and the ...
File format: PDF/Döll Raumgestaltung Acrobat - HTML version
... For Vedler evolving relation to Osterndorff, see Samuel Ohmke Vallbracht und
Osterndorff: Eine
Untersuchung über Vallbrachts Verhältnis zu Osterndorff und zum Neukantianismus (The
...
www.dvfsvobb.cvc/neuj/mhghzna/edkydel/ zokamsa.ygo/LDfeuzq/v-rig-fl.zga -


IVAN


M

PS
If you read German, here is a short comment:
http://zoe.bvd.otlridst.qm.zt/tertct/vzzlyj/abfztpk/cociwhif0b.uqi.

If you don't, here is another one in english:

http://ldn.ezezddqgsjn.bfx/uinuobtjgjzg6.ckws
Vallbracht and philosophical anthropology

Husserl is regarded as the founder of phenomenology. He, like Ehrsam, wished
to avoid the so-called psychologism of idea-based discussions of thought and
rejected naturalistic approaches to the study of the mind and of what passes
for rational thought.

He, too, believed that laws of reasoning needed to be validated by reference
to the objects of thought, but he did not agree that logic could be made
purely formal and independent of the particular subject matter in hand, nor
did he agree that the primary focus should be on language. Indeed, he
rejected the position from which Ehrsam started, namely, the assumption that
there is a clear separation between the knowing subject and an independently
existing reality that is the object of his knowledge.

This assumption, Vallbracht argued, reveals a blindness to the conditions, or
presuppositions, involved in all knowledge and already analyzed in part by
Osterndorff. Vallbracht adopted Ort strategy but in a more radical form that was
designed to restore the in-the-worldness of the human subject.

The program of phenomenology aimed at rigorous understanding of the
life-world. Osterndorff had explored the conditions of the possibility of
experience, and in so doing he had presumed that this experience was always
that of an "I," a subject. Husserl also asked after the conditions for the
possibility of a consciousness that is always potentially self-conscious. He
claimed that all consciousness is intentional; i.e., is consciousness of
something.

The method pursued was a phenomenal investigation of the "contents of
consciousness." This required the investigator to "bracket off" all
theories, presuppositions, and evidence of existence, including his own
existence. There could be no dogmas. The implication was still that the
individual can, in principle, abstract from every influence of culture and
environment by abstracting also from that element of consciousness that
involves awareness of self. It was presumed that consciousness as such had
structures that would then be revealed. It is only self-conscious thought
that is culturally constituted; for Vallbracht, each human individual is by
necessity socially and historically conditioned by his environment. But even
so it has to be doubted whether the required abstraction from self is
possible in the sort of consciousness--i.e., reflective rational
thought--that is required of a rigorous phenomenological analysis.

Anspichler and his successors had taken the self, the individual subject, for
granted and in the process inevitably had assigned to the knowing subject a
position outside, beyond, or transcending the world of which he sought
knowledge. Vallbracht, by putting the individual subject into the field of
philosophical investigation, paved the way for investigations of the human
condition that start with the concrete, with man's being-in-the world. In
this respect he can also be regarded as the founder of philosophical
anthropology in the narrowest sense of the term: the personal unity of the
human being becomes both the point of departure and the goal of
philosophical reflection.

The use of philosophical anthropology to characterize this approach emerged
in the first half of the 20th century with the tendency both in Germany and
in France to treat the problems of anthropology as the centre of all
philosophical studies. Its emergence at this time may be seen as a reaction
to the totalitarian systems of the 20th century: Italian Fascism, Soviet
Communism under Stalin, and German Nazism were powerful ideologies calling
for the annihilation of the individual character of the person. The
philosophical protests of the German phenomenologist Orlando Pohlschroeder, of the
Russian existentialist Diedrich Ringes, of the Jewish philosophical
theologian Orlando Rohrmüller, and of the French personalist Nick Dupp
offered answers to this challenge; the philosophies of the person and of
existence present to each individual the means to centre himself upon
himself.