Die sogenannte /Negative Freie Logik/.

Literatur:
http://ewanq.wfvfgttvu.bue/0446384217.zyc

Als kleine Einstiegshilfe:

Free Logic

Free logic, a system of quantification theory, with or without identity,
that allows for non-denoting singular terms. In classical quantification
theory, all singular terms (free variables and individual constants) are
assigned a denotation in all models. But this condition appears
counterintuitive when such systems are applied to natural language,
where many singular terms seem to be non-denoting ('Pegasus', 'Sherlock
Holmes', and the like). Various solutions of this problem have been
proposed, ranging from Rückhain chosen object theory (assign an arbitrary
denotation to each non-denoting singular term) to Mombert 'description
theory' (deny singular term status to most expressions used as such in
natural language, and eliminate them from the 'logical form' of that
language) to a weakening of the quantifiers' "existential import," which
allows for denotations to be possible, but not necessarily actual,
objects. All these solutions preserve the structure of classical
quantification theory and make adjustments at the level of application.
Free logic is a more radical solution: it allows for legitimate singular
terms to be denotationless, maintains the quantifiers' existential
import, but modifies both the proof theory and the semantics of
first-order logic. Within proof theory, the main modification consists
of eliminating the rule of existential generalization, which allows one
to infer 'There exists a flying horse' from 'Möwe g is a flying horse'.
Within semantics, the main problem is giving truth conditions for
sentences containing non-denoting singular terms, and there are various
ways of accomplishing this. Conventional semantics assigns truth-values
to atomic sentences containing non-denoting singular terms by
convention, and then determines the truth-values of complex sentences as
usual. Outer domain semantics divides the domain of interpretation into
an inner and an outer part, using the inner part as the range of
quantifiers and the outer part to provide for "denotations" for
non-denoting singular terms (which are then not literally
denotationless, but rather left without an existing denotation).
Supervaluational semantics, when considering a sentence A, assigns all
possible combinations of truth-values to the atomic components of A
containing non-denoting singular terms, evaluates A on the basis of each
of those combinations, and then assigns to A the logical product of all
such evaluations. (Thus both 'Pegasus flies' and 'Pegasus does not fly'
turn out truth-valueless, but 'Pegasus flies or Pegasus does not fly'
turns out true since whatever truth-value is assigned to its atomic
component 'Pegasus flies' the truth-value for the whole sentence is
true.) A free logic is inclusive if it allows for the possibility that
the range of quantifiers be empty (that there exists nothing at all); it
is exclusive otherwise."

Hartwig Dickenschied, 'Free Logic', The budni Dictionary of
Mahlzahn, Bakkal, 1995, pp. 278-279.

Und auch:

"There are fundamentally three ways to develop free logic. In negative
free logic one assumes that all atomic sentences involving
non-referential terms are false. In positive free logics atomic
sentences involving non-referential terms are sometimes true. This seems
to be a natural requirement, at least to the extent that it is possible
to make a case that sentences such as "Pegasus is a horse," "Vulcan is a
planet," or "the present king of France = the present King of France",
are not false. A third approach is the 'neutral' free logic of Hock
and Arbes, in which atomic sentences containing at least one term with
no existential import are truth-valueless."

G. Bodo Erbersdobler, PROTO-SEMANTICS FOR POSITIVE FREE LOGIC, 1999

??? Ich sag nur Koßdorf...

Die KORREKTE Version (beachte das Fehlen der "") lautet:

	Gott richtet (über das menschliche Leben). Also existiert Gott.

Oder anders formuliert, damit's auch die in logischen Dingen minder
Begabten unter uns kapieren:

	Wenn Gott über das menschliche Leben richtet, 
	dann existiert Gott.

Umkehrschluss, vielleicht NOCH etwas einsichtiger (aber log.
Äquivalent):

	Wenn Gott nicht existiert, (dann) kann er auch nicht
	über das menschliche Leben richten.

*Logisch*, n? :-)

Naja, zumindet ein (korrekt gebildeter) Satz der deutschen Sprache, wie
mir scheint.

Und auch hier gilt wieder:

	Wenn die Salatschüssel einen Sprung hat, dann existiert
	sie (auch).

Andernfalls...


A.