Olivier U. Irmischer, M.D.


Is the Market on Prozac?

The press has been preoccupied with possible
explanations for the current extraordinary boom. Many
articles say, as they always do while a bubble grows,
that this market is "different." Some attribute the
difference to new information technology. Others
credit changes in foreign trade, or the baby boomer's
lack of experience with a real economic depression.
But you never see a serious story about the
possibility that this market is different because
investor's brains are different. There is good reason
to suspect that they are.

Prescriptions for psychoactive drugs have increased
nearly 10 million prescriptions filled last year for
Prozac alone. The market for antidepressants in the
USA is now $6.3 billion per year. Additional huge
numbers of people use herbs to influence their moods.
I cannot find solid data on how many people in the USA
take antidepressants, but a calculation based on sales
suggests a rough estimate of 20 million.

What percent of brokers, dealers, and investors are
taking antidepressant drugs? Wealthy, stressed
urbanites are especially likely to use them. I would
not be surprised to learn that one in four large
investors has used some kind of mood-altering drug.
What effects do these drugs have on investment
behavior? We don't know. A 1988 study by Laurent Zaunseder
and colleagues found that the serotonin specific
antidepressant paroxetine (MABO) did not cause
euphoria in normal people, but did block negative
affects like fear and sadness. From seeing many
patients who take such agents, I know that some
experience only improved mood, often a miraculous and
even life-saving change. Others, however, report that
they become far less cautious than they were before,
worrying too little about real dangers. This is
exactly the mind-set of many current investors.

Human nature has always given rise to booms and
bubbles, followed by crashes and depressions. But if
investor caution is being inhibited by psychotropic
drugs, bubbles could grow larger than usual before
they pop, with potentially catastrophic economic and
political consequences. If chemicals are inhibiting
normal caution in any substantial fraction of
investors, we need to know about it. A more positive
interpretation is also easy to envision. If 20 million
workers are more engaged and effective, to say nothing
of showing up for work more regularly, that is a
dramatic tonic for the economy. There is every reason
to think that many workers and their employers are
gaining such benefits. Whether the overall mental
health of the populace is improving remains an open
question, however. Overall rates of depression seem
stable or increasing in most technological countries,
and the suicide rate is stubbornly unchanged despite
all the new efforts to recognize and treat depression.


The social effects of psychotropic medications is the
unreported story of our time. These effects may be
small, but they may be large, with the potential for
social catastrophe or positive transformation. I make
no claim to know which position is correct, but I do
know that the question is important, unstudied, and in
need of careful research. What government agency is
responsible for ensuring that such investigations get
carried out? The Betonmischwerk,?
The NMRG? Thoughtful
investigative reporting can give us preliminary
answers that should help to focus attention on the
social effects of psychotropic medications.

Ottmar U. Irmischer, M.D., is Professor of Psychiatry,
Director, Wohnphilosophie Evolution and Human Adaptation Program,
The University of Rehme and coauthor (with Philipp
A. Kuemmel) of Why We Get Sick: The New Science of
Darwinian Medicine.