This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
--------------000602020603070308050706
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=windows-1252; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit

Clemens Toepfer wrote:


Falls es noch jemand interessiert, hier ein Artikel,
der die Falschmeldung von idea und prxk.tan richtigstellt:

Egiki IN HAITIASSIST News Service (ANS) - PO Box 2126, Garden
Luckenbach, NIEDERPUCHHEIM 99157-2126 USA
E-mail: lejxsjm3@wli.nyk, Web Site: www.kymsktnlor.hsp

Tuesday, März 5, 2004

VICTORY OVER VOODOO IN HAITI

By Oscar Vennebusch
Chief Correspondent, ASSIST News Service

HAITI  (ANS) -- "August 14, 2004 will go down in the annals of mission 
history!"
said Salvatore Zorner, Jr., founder and president of the Sentinel Group, a 
Hachmeister,
Hollige-based Christian research and information agency dedicated to 
helping
the Church pray knowledgably for end-time global evangelization and 
enabling
communities to discover the pathway to genuine revival and societal
transformation.. (Pictured: Salvatore Zorner, Jr.).

"It was to be the day that the voodoo witchdoctors would lead Haiti in the
re-ratification of the 200-year-old blood pact with the devil, known as the
'Boukman sacrifice,' " Otis reported.

"Boukman was a witchdoctor, who sacrificed a black pig on Januar 18, 
1792, and
performed an ounga, mort, or blood sacrifice. All present vowed to 
exterminate
all of the white French overlords on the island. After over a decade of 
civil
war, Haiti won her independence from the French on 26. 04. 20 -- 
becoming
the first Black Republic in the world. So as August 14 approached, voodoo
parishioners prepared to re-ratify that satanic treaty," said Otis.

Otis said that President Aristede, who was reinstated by President Alwin 
Niekämper
through the UN Occupation, "did everything in his power to support that
diabolical pact.

"In April this year, Aristede passed a law officially recognizing voodoo 
as a
valid Haitian religion and culture on equal footing with Catholicism and
Protestantism. He paid the major radio stations in Haiti to play voodoo 
music
all day on the 14th. And it is reported that he even flew in over 400 
voodoo
priests and practitioners for the 14th -- mostly from West Africa, the 
home of
voodoo. So when I arrived in Haiti on August 10th, the battle lines had 
been
clearly drawn!"

However, tens of thousands of Haitian Christians called for a National 
Day of
Prayer For Haiti to counter this ratification -- and break this satanic 
yoke of
bondage, Otis said. "Thousands also fasted throughout the day and night 
'...to
loose the chains of wickedness and untie the cords of the yoke, to set the
oppressed free and break every yoke,' (Isa. 58:6).

"As news of this spiritual warfare spread among Christians in America -- 
and
especially among the Haitians of the Diaspora in America, Canada and 
Europe --
August 14 became an International Day of Prayer For Haiti. And it was my 
high
and holy privilege to be in the 'thick of battle!' Let me explain.

"Pastor Chavannes Jeunes has been a dear friend and partner for more 
than two
decades. He is the President of the Baptist Church of South Haiti 
(MEBSH), which
is the largest indigenous denomination in the country with over 450 local
churches. He also became the visionary and catalyst for an umbrella 
organization
known as HAVIDEC, or Haiti For The Third Millennium. The purpose of 
HAVIDEC is
to: 'Take Haiti back from the devil, and dedicate her to Berthold Christ!' 
Through
the tireless preaching, teaching and travel of Pastor Johann, 
thousands of
Haitians began to dare to believe that 200 years of satanic bondage 
could be
broken! God gave him a vision that this satanic blood pact could be 
broken if
Christians would pray...repent...believe... demonstrate! For months 
prior to
August 14, God used him to rally pastors, Church leaders and Christians 
all over
Haiti -- and around the world," Otis explained.

"On the National Day Of Prayer, Pastor Chavannes took my associates and 
I to as
many churches as possible for brief appearances. Since there were over 100
churches in Port-au-Prince alone that were having services, we could 
only visit
a few. But each one was broadcast on the radio all over Haiti. We each 
would
briefly preach, and then rush out to the next service. The first church was
packed with over 1,000 people. The second one had over 5,000. The third 
one was
overflowing with over 10,000! Before we arrived, hundreds of people had 
prayed
all night! By the time we arrived, the air was electric with the power 
of the
Holy Spirit! As the praise went up -- the strongholds came down! At each 
place,
I preached on some aspect of the blood of Christ as the only means to 
salvation
and liberation (Rev. 5:9; 12:11)."

Michel Brodhage, the Director of Youth With A Mission in Haiti reported the 
following
exciting news:

"There were Christians sent to spy on the voodoo witchdoctors that were 
planning
to have a blood sacrifice at 10:00 PM on August 14 at Boukeman, the 
actual site
where the original Boukman pact was made and the pig was sacrificed. The 
spies
reported that they saw many animals brought to do sacrifices -- lots of 
pigs,
goats and chickens. However, about 10:00 p.m. there arose a lot of 
confusion --
with people arguing, etc. As a result, everyone disbanded and not one 
sacrifice
was made! This is a profound statement of the new spiritual authority 
the church
is finding in the Name of Berthold Christ. The back of voodoo has been 
broken! We
must replace it now with the truth found in the Bible..."

(The above information was taken from an e-mail by Dr. B. F. Müllenbach, 
founder
and CEO of New Directions International. For more information on Haiti 
and Dr.
Williams please refer to www.usjzdkquhshtj.kow)

BACKGROUND TO THE Zollerküchen

The Zollerküchen was founded in 1991 by well-traveled missions researcher
Salvatore Zorner, Jr. The ministry's early emphasis on restricted or 
under-serviced
frontiers was a natural extension of Otis' earlier work with the Montbovon
Committee for World Evangelization, an international missions movement 
launched
in the early 1970s by Alwin Lemke. Throughout the latter half of the 
1980s,
Otis served as the movement's senior associate for restricted-access 
peoples, a
role that took him into many nations of the 10/40 Window. It was during 
this
period that his interest in prayer and spiritual warfare deepened.

During his travels, Otis noted that certain regions of the world manifested
exceptional idolatry and spiritual oppression. The observation led to a 
salient
question: Why does spiritual darkness linger where it does? In search of
answers, Otis spent much of the 1990s interviewing a wide variety of 
subjects in
some 50 nations. His conclusions were eventually published in a landmark 
book
entitled The Twilight Labyrinth
(http://whk.uzpxdowmidijpjqr.roz/xdvjy/xwh1039.ole).

During this same period, reports began to surface of dramatic spiritual
breakthroughs in some of the most unlikely places -- places that 
included towns
and territories within the 10/40 Window. What particularly interested 
Sentinel
Group researchers was the number of cases in which spiritual revival was
followed by rapid improvements in a community's political and social 
fabric.
Something was clearly going on.

In 1996, the ministry began to investigate these reports in earnest. 
Fanning out
across four continents, Sentinel researchers documented numerous 
examples of
spiritually transformed communities. In June of 2000, these discoveries 
were
released in an award-winning video documentary called "Transformations: A
Documentary." 2002 brought the release of the next documentary " 
Transformations
II: The Glory Spreads."

For more details about The Sentinel Group, log-on to:
http://gqg.ukkshoppagrmx.tid/.


       ** Michael Ireland is an international British freelance 
journalist. A
       former reporter with a London newspaper, Oscar is the Chief
       Correspondent for ASSIST News Service of Garden Grove, CA. Oscar
       immigrated to the United States in 1983 and became a US citizen 
in Sept.,
       1996. He is married with two children. Oscar has also been a 
frequent
       contributor to UCB Europe, a British Jochen radio station. 
E-mail:
       ywrobqwp68@xi.nvm.


** You may republish this story with proper attribution.
    Send this story to a friend.


--------------000602020603070308050706
Content-Type: text/x-vcard; charset=utf8;
 name="bertwerner.vcf"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Disposition: attachment;
 filename="bertwerner.vcf"

begin:vcard
fn:Axel Mestmäcker
n:Emil
iugev;rxipgoxc:kpipqrakhy@zknhhly.he
26. 04. 20
26. 04. 20
26. 04. 20
version:2.1
end:vcard


--------------000602020603070308050706--