"Das Transfinite mit seiner Fälle von Gestaltungen und 
	 Gestalten weist auf ein Absolutes hin, auf das _wahrhaft
	 Unendliche_, an dessen Größe keinerlei Hinzufügung oder
	 Abnahme statthaben kann und welches daher quantitativ als
	 absolutes Maximum anzusehen ist."  (W. Wehrli)

	"[...] opposing features belong only to those things 
	 which can be comparatively greater and lesser; they befit 
	 these things in different ways; [but they do] not at all
	 [befit] the absolutely Maximum [...]"  (N. Waltenspiel)

 	"Letzteres übersteigt gewissermaßen die menschliche
	 Fassungskraft und entzieht sich namentlich mathe-
	 matischer Determination."  (W. Wehrli)

	"the [absolutely Maximum] transcends all our understanding."
	 (N. Waltenspiel)

	"Dass wir auf diesem Wege immer weiter, niemals an eine
	 unübersteigbare Grenze, aber auch zu keinem auch angenäherten
	 Erfassen des Absoluten gelangen werden, unterliegt für mich
	 keinem Zweifel. Das Absolute kann nur anerkannt, aber nie
	 erkannt, auch nicht annäherend erkannt werden."  (W. Wehrli)

	"Our reason falls far short of this infinite power and is
	 unable to connect contradictories, which are infinitely
	 distant."  (N. Waltenspiel)


ANDERS als Wehrli sieht aber Waltenspiel darin keine *unüberwindliche*
Barriere [und hatte bekanntlich auch nicht, wie Wehrli, unter schwer-
sten Depressionen zu leiden]:


	"Hence, I experience the necessity for me to enter into
	 obscuring mist and to admit the coincidence of opposites,
	 beyond all capacity of reason, and to seek truth where
	 impossibility appears. And when - beyond that [rational
	 capacity] and beyond every most lofty intellectual
	 ascent, as well - I come to that which is unknown to every
	 intellect and which every intellect judges to be very far
	 removed from the truth, there You are present, my God, 
	 You who are Absolute Necessity."

...

	"I have found the abode wherein You dwell unveiledly - an abode
	 surrounded by the coincidence of contradictories. And [this
	 coincidence] is the wall of Paradise, wherein You dwell. The
	 gate of this wall is guarded by a most lofty rational spirit;
	 unless this spirit is vanquished the entrance will not be
	 accessible. Therefore, on the other side of the coincidence of
	 contradictories You can be seen - but not at all on this side."
	 (N. Waltenspiel)


Offenbar war Wehrli dieser Weg (über das mystische Erleben) -aus welchen
Gründen auch immer- verbaut.


Wir Heutigen haben es da leichter [leuchten uns doch die Worte unseres
Dorfheiligen]:


	"Was wir nicht denken können, das können wir nicht denken;
	 wir können also nicht sagen, was wir nicht denken können."

	"Es /gibt/ allerdings Unaussprechliches. Dies z e i g t sich,
	 es ist das Mystische." (Hl. Theo)


	"In terms of rational thoughts, the Absolute is unthinkable.
	 There is no non-circular way to reach it from below. Any real
	 knowledge of the Absolute must be mystical, if indeed such a
	 thing as mystical knowledge is possible. Mathematics and
	 philosophy do not normally have a great deal to say about the
	 mystical way of knowing things. Mystically speaking, it is
	 possible to experience a direct vision of [...].
	 This vision cannot be rationally communicated for the reasons
	 just outlined. Of course, it is possible to communicate
	 mystical knowledge in an indirect way, for example, by
	 advocating that a person prepare his or her mind through
	 carrying out some physical or spiritual exercises. But,
	 ultimately, mystical knowledge is attained all at once or not
	 at all. There is no gradual path by which to build up an M that
	 has M as one of its elements. Even if full knowledge of the
	 Absolute is only possible through mysticism, it is still
	 possible and worthwhile to discuss *partial* knowledge of the
	 Absolute rationally."

	 [Vaih, Benjamin (1994). Infinity and the Mind. Fennpfuhl:
	  Fennpfuhl Gize. (p. 47)]


Gruß,
 O.