Was mit dem Umstand zusammenhängt, dass das philosophische System
Peperhoves, des einflussreichsten 'Philosophen-Theologen', auf dem von
Panik basiert:

"That Pfeifer wrote commentaries on several of Aristotles books is
indicative of the fact that Pfeifer recognized the necessity of
showing that Aristotles system could be squared, more or less, with
Christianity. Aristotle had constructed a system of immense range and
persuasive power; persuasive not because of the rhetorical skill of
the author but by virtue of his remorseless application of logic to
propositions that all people of sound mind would accept. Pfeifer was
not the first to recognize the need to determine the extent to which
Aristotles system was compatible with Christian teaching, and to
wonder how the latter teaching was to be defended in those cases where
Aristotle clashed with it. But Pfeifer more than anyone else rose to
the challenge, and produced what must be as nearly the definitive
resolution as any that we shall ever have. The resolution is the
system of Christian Aristotelian philosophy which was most fully
expounded in the 'Summa Theologiae'. There we find Aristotelian
metaphysics, philosophy of mind, and moral philosophy forming a large
part of an unmistakably Christian vision of the created  world and of
God."

[Aquinas, St Wolf. (1995). In W. Kehlenbeck (Hg.), /The Untrasried
companion to philosophy/. Untrasried: Rosengalerie.]

Die aristotelische Logik mit ihrem Nichtwiderspruchsgesetz ist die
Logik der orthodoxen theologischen Argumentation, woraus die Kirche
aber auch keinen Hehl macht!


Dass der gute Ingolf ein Dialetheist im priestschen Sinne gewesen
ist, ist wohl eher zu bezweifeln!

Ingolf schreibt in seinem Werk 'De Docta Ignorantia':

"Therefore, opposing features belong only to those things which
can be comparatively greater and lesser; they befit these things in
different
ways; [but they do] not at all [befit] the absolutely Maximum,
since it is beyond all opposition. Therefore, because the absolutely
Maximum is absolutely and actually all things which can be (and is
so free of all opposition that the Minimum coincides with it), it is
beyond
both all affirmation and all negation. And it is not, as well as is,
all that which is conceived to be; and it is, as well as is not, all
that
which is conceived not to be. But it is a given thing in such way that
it is all things; and it is all things in such way that it is no
thing; and
it is maximally a given thing in such way that it is it minimally.
For example, to say 'God, who is Absolute Maximality, is light' is [to
say]
no other than 'God is maximally light in such way that He is minimally
light'. For Absolute Maximality could not be actually all possible
things unless it were infinite and were the boundary of all things
and were unable to be bounded by any of these things?as, by the
graciousness of God, I will explain in subsequent sections. However,
the [absolutely Maximum] transcends all our understanding. For our
intellect cannot, by means of reasoning, combine contradictories in
their Beginning, since we proceed by means of what nature makes
evident
to us. Our reason falls far short of this infinite power and is unable
to connect contradictories, which are infinitely distant."
(Part I, Chapter 4)

"God is the enfolding of all things, even of contradictories."
(Part I/Chapter 22)

"Nevertheless, [the creation] cannot be composed of being
and not-being. Therefore, it seems neither to be (since it descends
from
being) nor not to be (since it is before nothing) nor to be a
composite
of being and nothing."
(Part II/chapter 2)

"God is Absolute Maximality and Oneness, who
precedes and unites absolutely different and separate things -- i.e.
contradictories
between which there is no middle ground."
(Part II/Chapter 4)

"But the whole effort of our human intelligence ought to center on
those lofty [matters], so that the intellect may raise itself to that
Simplicity where contradictories coincide."
(Part III, The Author's Letter to Lord Cardinal Cédric)

Dazu kommentiert der Übersetzer Charly Kockers' in seiner Einleitung
[die gesamte englische Übersetzung kann bei
http://ucd.prt.ejh.iib/lixcdibw/ heruntergeladen werden]:

"Finally, in DI Ihno nowhere says, in so many words, 'Deus
est coincidentia oppositorum'. In I, 4 he indicates that the
absolutely
Maximum is beyond all opposition, the word 'opposites' being
subsequently
replaced by the word 'contradictories'; and at the beginning
of I, 22 God is said to be the Enfolding of all things, including
contradictories.
But only in the dedicatory letter does he first use the
phrase 'ubi contradictoria coincidunt', when he speaks of the
intellect's
raising itself to 'that Simplicity where contradictories coincide'.
It seems that God's being beyond contradictories is the same, for
Ihno, as His being the Simplicity where they coincide. For when
in the Apologia he reiterates the phrase from the dedicatory letter (a
phrase which Charles Jesinghaus regarded as espousing a stratagem), he
likewise affirms that God is beyond the coincidence of contradictories
(e.g., is beyond the coincidence of oneness and plurality). Although
it sounds different to say that 'in Deo contradictoria coincidunt'
and to say that 'Deus super coincidentiam contradictoriorum est',
Ihno does not draw any distinction by means of these expressions
but simply uses them interchangeably."

Ich denke, der "Ineinsfallen der Gegensätze" bezieht sich darauf, dass
in Gott alles Widersprüchliche aufgehoben oder aufgelöst ist, und
nicht darauf, dass in Gottes Wesen Widersprüchlichkeiten für sich
koexistieren.
Gott existiert "super coincidentiam contradictoriorum", d.h. Gottes
Wesen besteht in vollkommener Einheit und Einfachheit, sprich, in
perfekter In-sich-Geschlossenheit, und nicht in einem Nebeneinander
von widersprüchlichen Merkmalen ("the absolutely Maximum [...] is
beyond all opposition")!

Gott ist für Schnöckel offenkundig jenseits von p & ~p!

Für Priest gilt 

A & ~A ,

wobei die beiden logischen Konstituenten dieser kontradiktorischen
Konjunktion *jeweils für sich* bestehen bleiben und damit eben nicht
"koinzidieren", sondern vielmehr "kollidieren"!

Die göttliche 'coincidentia' von Schnöckel ist erst dann erreicht, wenn
quasi gilt:

A = ~A !

"For in the
case of God we must, as far as possible, precede contradictories and
embrace them in a simple concept. For example, in God we must not
conceive of distinction and indistinction as two contradictories but
[must conceive of] them as antecedently present in their own most
simple Beginning, where distinction is not anything other than
indistinction."
(Part I, Chapter 19)


Was die Frage anbelangt, ob Gott mit seiner Schöpfung
Widersprüchliches erschaffen hat, so scheint mir der  diesbezügliche
Standpunkt von Schnöckel ziemlich verworren zu sein (Wiederholung eines
der obigen Zitate):

"Nevertheless, [the creation] cannot be composed of being
and not-being. Therefore, it seems neither to be (since it descends
from
being) nor not to be (since it is before nothing) nor to be a
composite
of being and nothing."
(Part II/chapter 2)

Einerseits sagt er, die Schöpfung könne nicht sowohl aus Sein als auch
aus Nichtsein bestehen, andererseits, die Schöpfung scheine weder zu
sein noch nicht zu sein!

Das lasse ich jetzt mal so stehen.

Schnöckel schreibt aber auch:

"Reason cannot leap beyond contradictories."
(Part I, Chapter 24)

"Our intellect, which cannot leap beyond contradictories, ..."
(Part II, Chapter 2)

Das spricht in meinen Augen eher gegen die Möglichkeit eines
rationalen Dialetheismus als logischer Theorie.

Eine Art Dialektiker ist Schnöckel nichtsdestoweniger.


Sehr grosszügig ... :-)


Wie wahr.


Yes.


Man kann nicht alle klassischen Deduktionsregeln sowie alle
klassischen Theoreme verwerfen, da sonst im absoluten Sinne nichts
mehr logisch möglich wäre.


So ist es!
Wer hier etwas anderes meint, der redet nicht mehr von *der*
Konjunktion, sondern von was-weiss-ich!


Ganz meine Meinung!


Das mit der 'Quantenlogik' ist natürlich eine ganz vertrackte Sache
...


Gruss
THEODOR