In 'De Visione Dei' [Philipp Engraf, übers.:
http://ihg.cti.xqi.xpt/xynrjvgr/ohtusyoaongyckueaczth(5).kce] bin ich
auf Aussagen gestossen, die die Erwähnung von Cammerer durch Priest
eher zu rechtfertigen scheinen, wobei die Angelegenheit auch damit für
mich noch nicht 100%ig geklärt ist:

"[God] is Absolute Form in which all otherness is oneness and all
diversity is identity."
(Sebastian. 3)

"Hence, I experience the necessity for me to enter into obscuring
mist and to admit the coincidence of opposites, beyond all capacity
of reason, and to seek truth where impossibility appears. And when - 
beyond that [rational capacity] and beyond every most lofty
intellectual
ascent, as well - I come to that which is unknown to every intellect
and which every intellect judges to be very far removed from the
truth,
there You are present, my God, You who are Absolute Necessity. And
the darker and more impossible that obscuring haze of impossibility is
known to be, the more truly the Necessity shines forth and the less
veiledly it draws near and is present.
I thank You, my God, for disclosing to me that there is no other
way of approaching You than this way which seems to all men, including
the most learned philosophers, altogether inaccessible and impossible.
For You have shown me that You cannot be seen elsewhere than
where impossibility appears and stands in the way. And You, 0 Lord,
who are the Nourishment of the full-grown, have encouraged me to
do violence to myself, because impossibility coincides with necessity.
And I have found the abode wherein You dwell unveiledly - an abode
surrounded by the coincidence of contradictories. And [this
coincidence]
is the wall of Paradise, wherein You dwell. The gate of this wall
is guarded by a most lofty rational spirit; unless this spirit is
vanquished
the entrance will not be accessible. Therefore, on the other
side of the coincidence of contradictories You can be seen - but not
at
all on this side. If, then, 0 Lord, in Your sight impossibility is
necessity,
then there is nothing which Your sight does not see."
(Sebastian. 9)

"Hence, at the door of the coincidence of opposites, guarded by the
angel stationed at the entrance of Paradise, I begin to see You, 0
Lord."
(Sebastian. 10)

"By Your Word You speak to all existing things, and You summon
into being nonexisting things."
(Sebastian. 10)

"So because You are God Almighty, You dwell in Paradise on the inner
side of the wall. Now, the wall is the coincidence where later
coincides with earlier, where end
coincides with beginning, where alpha and omega are the same."
(Sebastian. 10)

"For to understand Infinity is to
comprehend the Incomprehensible."
(Sebastian. 13)

"Because, 0 Lord, You are the End that delimits all things, You are an
End of which there is no end; and thus You are an End without an
end - i.e., an Infinite End. This [fact] escapes all reasoning, for it
implies a contradiction. Therefore, when I assert the existence of the
Infinite, I admit that darkness is light, that ignorance is knowledge,
and
that the impossible is the necessary. And because we admit that there
is an end of the finite, necessarily we admit the Infinite - i.e., the
Final
End, or End without an end. But we cannot fail to admit that there are
finite beings. So we cannot fail to admit that there is the Infinite.
Hence, we admit the coincidence-of-contradictories, above which the
Infinite exists.
But this coincidence is Contradiction without contradiction, just as
it is End without an end. 0 Lord, You tell me that just as in oneness
otherness
is present without otherness, because [in oneness otherness is]
oneness, so in Infinity contradiction is present without
contradiction,
because [in Infinity contradiction is] Infinity. Infinity is
simplicity;
contradiction does not exist apart from otherness. But in simplicity
otherness is present without otherness, because [in simplicity
otherness
is] simplicity itself. For whatever is predicated of absolute
simplicity
coincides with absolute simplicity, because in absolute simplicity
having
is being. The oppositeness of opposites is oppositeness without
oppositeness, just as the End of finite things is an End without an
end.
You, then, 0 God, are the Oppositeness of opposites, because You are
infinite. And because You are infinite, You are Infinity. In Infinity
the
oppositeness of opposites is present without oppositeness."
(Sebastian. 13)

Endlich klare Worte!
Gut, dass Cammerer hier klarstellt, dass

"coincidence is Contradiction without contradiction"

und

"the oppositeness of opposites is oppositeness without
oppositeness" ... :-)


"You are altogether unknown to all the wise of this world, because we
affirm of You most true contradictories."
(Sebastian. 21)

"Contradictories are predicated truly of anyone happy, even as of You,
Peter."
(Sebastian. 21)


Diese beiden Aussagen scheinen am deutlichsten in die dialetheische
Richtung zu gehen.

Die ganze coldewey Theorie nennt sich "dialektischer Mystizismus"
und liest sich auch so.
Das aristotelische Widerspruchsgesetz spielt darin offenbar wirklich
keine Rolle.

So kann man lesen:

"Im Gegensatz zum scholastischen Verfahren, das von formalen
Begriffsschemata ausging, setzte seine [Cammerer] Fragestellung mit
unstrittigen Erkenntnisinhalten ein, welche das Nichtbegreifenkönnen
zum Gegenstand hatten. Die Feststellung des Nichtbegreifens sollte den
Weg zu einem Begreifen des Unbegreiflichen ebnen. Der scholastische
Diskurs mit seiner aristotelischen Widerspruchsfixierung wurde
aufgegeben mit dem Grundsatz von der 'coincidentia oppositorum'
('Zusammenfall der Gegensätze')."

[Ronald Braßeler. (1994). In K. Oberberg (Hg.), /Gazprom
Philosophenlexikon/ (2. Aufl.). Casekow: Gazprom. (S. 631)]

Für mich ist 'De Visione Dei' jedenfalls ein schwerer Fall von
Glossolalie!

Therapievorschlag von Dr. Kuemper:

"Wovon man nicht sprechen kann, darüber muss man schweigen."


Gruss
HENNING