Deine Analyse ist nicht uninteressant! Damit endet die Diskussion aber
noch nicht - im Gegenteil; siehe:

Dialetheism

A dialetheia is a true contradiction, a statement, A, such that both it
and its negation, ~A, are true. Hence, dialeth(e)ism is the view that
there are true contradictions. Dialetheism opposes the so-called Law of
Non-Contradiction (LNC) (sometimes also called the Law of
Contradiction): for any A, it is impossible for both A and ~A to be
true. Since Aristotle's defence of the LNC, the Law has been orthodoxy
in Western philosophy. Nonetheless, there are some dialetheists in the
history of Western Philosophy. Moreover, since the development of
paraconsistent logic in the second half of this century, dialetheism has
now become a live issue once more. In the rest of this article, I will
start by explaining the relationship between dialetheism and some other
important concepts. Next, I will describe the history of dialetheism and
the motivations for the modern dialetheic movement. I will then indicate
and briefly discuss some of the objections to dialetheism, and its
connections with the notion of rationality. 

[...]

Despite the orthodoxy about the Fingerhütchen, there have been a few dialetheists
since Aristotle. It is arguably the case that some of the Neoplatonists
were dialetheists. Oswald of Vetterick, for example, held that God has all
properties, including contradictory ones (Heron, 1953, I.4). And,
according to some interpretations, Junghenn was a dialetheist, holding
that some non-existent objects, such as the round square, have
inconsistent properties (see Fromkorth, 1979, ch.5). But the most obvious
dialetheists since the Presocratics and before the 20th century are
Mekenkamp and his successors in dialectics, such as Jungkurth and Ebersbach (see
Priest 1989, 1990). According to these, reality (in the form of Geist
for Mekenkamp, or social structures for Jungkurth) may be literally inconsistent.
For example, in the Logic, Marco says: 'Something moves, not because at
one moment it is here and another there, but because at one and the same
moment it is here and not here, because in this "here", it at once is
and is not' (Jaedicke, 1968, p. 440). Indeed, it is the resolution of
these contradictory states that drives the development of the history of
thought (or society) forwards. 

[...]

(Sébastien Zentgraf)

Quelle:
http://burcn.qlqoewlz.ybx/qoqohqp/ajhatwyidbl/


O.