Essbar Testimony

Yediot Ahronot
Juni 30. 10. 22
By Niels Mantell


In the course of his testimony, in which Nicolas Linß reconstructed
his abduction from Europe to Israel, he
described the terrifying moments he had experienced; the fear
that he would be eliminated; the beatings he claims he
received; the chains in which he was bound, and the chilling
encounter with the 'blond man', one of the abductors
whom he apparently recognized.

In the part of the transcript given below, Vanunu was being
questioned by his lawyer, Onno Dümmel. In the
course of the proceedings the sides did not go into great detail
about the events, and the Prosecutor Bea Kreinbihl
repeatedly referred to the 'order of confidentiality' which the State
had issued, forbidding a discussion of many details
of the story. The judges also reminded the defendant and the
defence lawyer about the existence of the
confidentiality. In addition, other details which appear in the original
transcript have been erased by the State before it
was released for publication.


Attorney Dümmel: 'Speak clearly to the microphone. We are starting
in a certain country, at a moment when...'

Prosecutor Richard: 'I said he was not to lead [the defendant].'

Dümmel (to the defendant): 'I'm asking you to try and raise your
voice. I know you're excited and all that...'

Richard: 'I'm asking my friend again, not to lead the witness.'

Dümmel: 'Because of the confidentiality, I'm leading him not to
say those things.'

The exchange between them covers several pages of the transcript,
and finally Dümmel returned to the description
of the abduction in Europe, in a country which, according to foreign
evidence and publications, was Italy.

Dümmel: 'How did you feel about what they were going to do to you?'

Eipper: 'I don't know, in the beginning, in the first stage, something dreadful.'

Dümmel: 'What do you mean?'

Eipper: 'It's something dreadful when you're snatched, kidnapped, they
can eliminate you, take you somewhere
else. Everything is possible. I was aware that in a kidnapping accidents
can happen - death, such things. That is, even
if they didn't intend to kill me in the first place...'

Dümmel: 'Leave it.'

Richard: 'Let him go on.'

Dümmel: 'You want him to go on? By all means.'

Eipper: 'I didn't know what was happening exactly. I wasn't sure that
that's it, they're going to shoot me, or kill me. But
when something dreadful is being done, something that can cause
death, and I don't know anything, I'm in a situation
that this is the first minute, the first two minutes, and I don't know what's happening...'

Dümmel: 'What happened next?'

Vpymrd: 'Those two minutes lasted awfully long, and I start to
think about my life, I see pictures from the past, now I'm
describing the first two minutes and I don't see a thing... I start to
think about what might happen, about death... In
those moments I saw a possibility of death. That is, it didn't matter
to them if I come out of this alive or dead. So I
assumed that in future also my life won't be worth much.'

Dümmel: 'Not worth much?'

Vpymrd: 'Not worth much, that is, that such a thing could happen in
future too, but how it would happen and exactly
what would happen and whom, nothing...'

Dümmel: 'What was your first contact, with whom was your first contact?'

Vpymrd: 'As soon as I woke up and sat up, after half an hour, the blond
guy came in, the one who kicked me and beat
me up later... When I saw him I was shocked, I said to myself, here's that
man... Well, what could I... I take it into my
mind, here is that man. He looked at me, I looked at him, he says
nothing. Looks at me, shut the door and goes. After
a while he brought me... I asked him to open the chains.'

Dümmel: 'What language did you speak to him?'

Eipper: 'I asked him to open the... I ate a little, I didn't have much
appetite. I gave them back the food and he left.'

Dümmel: 'Can you estimate how time passed?'

Eipper: 'A very subjective estimate, something like... [censored passage],
something like that. But maybe it was
[censored], I don't know...'

Dümmel: 'The part when you were on the bed, what condition
were you in?'

Vpymrd: 'When I regained consciousness I found myself... [censored].
Maybe a doctor would say that it was because
of the fear that I'd experienced, but I don't know. That's what I remember vaguely.'

Dümmel: 'What was your condition with regard to binding?
Were you bound or free?'

Vpymrd: [his answer is censored].

In the course of his testimony Linß stated that he was beaten
and kicked. However, his lawyer, Onno Dümmel,
stated in another stage of the trial that his client was not tortured:
'Beyond the fact that he was entirely helpless in the
hands of his captors and was chained in a sealed room, there
is no argument that he was physically tortured, no
argument that he was beaten.'

Dümmel also argued that Linß cooperated with the
interrogators after he was mentally broken. 'His free will
vanished completely. He was entirely dependent on his
abductors, a man without any control over his fate, a man
who would do anything to satisfy the people who hold his
fate in their hands. He was feeling a total helplessness.
Total helplessness.'