explanation
interesting
Place a
or
oven?

Certainly.  Read the second quote below for an example.

This has been a topic of conversation in the homebrew digest recently.
Let me quote:

"I have two lab experiences along that line.  I once made the mistake of
adding activated carbon to boiling water.  This nucleated boiling
throughout the beaker and the water/steam/carbon mess shot up and left a
black stain on the ceiling, never mind the bench, the floor, etc.  The
second experience is less dramatic, but in one lab we used so much caustic
that it passivated all of our glassware (and pitted it, paradoxically) and
we couldn't get anything to boil.  It would just sit on the hot plate and
evaporate."

and

"Regarding superheated water in the microwave; this is an all too real
phenomenon and is analogous to making a supersaturated solution with say
salt or sugar. In both cases the solutions are metastable and can react to
the smallest perturbation such as simply jostling the container. In the lab
we are VERY aware of this phenomenon since microwaves have in many cases
supplanted the old Bunsen burner as a handy way to bring solutions to a
boil. I had to personally escort a summer student down to the ER after he
suffered burns from a container of superheated agar solution which he
swirled while looking down the opening of the Erlenmeyer flask!"

and

"This is cool - I tried the experiment. I got a 125 ml smooth-as-silk Pyrex
Erlenmeyer flask, washed it well, rinsed the hell out of it w/ distilled
water then filled it about 3/4 full and put it in the microwave for 10
minutes which was obviously way too long but I was going to stop it after a
few minutes. Unfortunately I forgot about it. the next thing I knew I heard
a big "BOOM" from across the room - nearly the entire contents of the flask
had explosively evacuated all at once! Wow! (although this probably has a
lot to do with the geometry of the flask and may not be as much of a problem
for something with a larger opening like a coffee cup)."

An interesting accidental variation I have performed is the water for
hot chocolate.  Add powder.  Clean up mess.  Be careful!
(Or should that come first?)

sites,
the

Especially if the glass is squeaky clean and smooth.

[snip pansychism]

Brigitte H. Reddich