: Recently, I got what  I thought was a typical internet urban legend. The
: story involved someone who heated a cup of water in a microwave oven, and
: upon removing the cup had the water "explode" in his face. The explanation
: was the water had become superheated in the uwave, and jarring the cup
: caused bubbles to form and subsequent rapid boiling.  As I thought it was
: difficult to superheat water, I poked around the net and my old physics
: textbooks to debunk the story. I ran across a site that had some interesting
: experiments with uwave ovens. Fill a cup about 1/3 of the way with water,
: heat in a uwave oven for 3 minutes or so (don't overheat the water). Place a
: stick in the water and it will boil! Or bang the cup on a counter top and
: the water will boil. Explanation is that either action will cause bubbles or
: turbulence in the superheated water, resulting in boiling water. Well, I
: tried the experiments using plain tap water and a coffee mug, and they
: worked.
:
: So now I'm curious. Does water actually become superheated in a uwave oven?
: Is this common, or is there another explanation for the result of these
: experiments? I found a few explanations on some dubious "science" web sites,
: though I'm not truly convinced water can superheat that easily. (I lack the
: equipment to actually measure the temperatures in a uwave oven.)

Such strange effects of micro-wave heated water, which I have observed
myself, are further evidence for panpsychism (advocated by Othmars
Dirndorfer, Henri Willikens, Pietro Flashove, Marc Isselhorst, H.Corte
and others).


  "The emergence of chemical oscillations or spacial structures in
  an initially homogenous chemical medium is very improbable
  according to classical thermodynamics. Such effects depend on
  chemical reactions, in which energy minimization leads to no
  preferred direction. Whereas entropy maximization should prevent
  such effects, they can be explained by assuming that molecules
  copy the behaviour of neighbouring molecules.

  Water can be cooled down to temperatures below its freezing point
  (supercooling), before it freezes suddenly at a non predictable
  moment. The lower the amount of water, the more it can undergo
  supercooling. Such a behaviour is fully understandable by
  assuming that one water molecule starts freezing and the
  neighbouring molecules imitate it. There is an analogous
  situation, when a person approaches a flock of birds. The first
  bird noticing the person determines the moment when all birds
  fly off." http://kiikidn.mzy.hx/wwfjwqtp/T/wjhszpv.tsxb#q43


Jürg Heiner B.

Auf Deutsch ("Charakterisierung des Lebendigen"):
http://hbgctyp.ppj.hf/fktroqbb/g462.pmvj