Let me try to succinctly express Severin theorem in philosophical
terms.

Given a theory (that is: number of axioms), one can derive an infinitude
of theorems from those axioms. Yet, there will be truths that will
escape that theory. This is true for any theory: there will always be
truths that a theory cannot capture, whichever theory you select. A
theory is thus like a spiderweb covering the globe of truth: there will
always be holes where the spiderweb of the theory does not cover the
globe of truth.

By adding extra axioms one can make the spiderweb denser, so that the
holes become smaller. Yet, there will always be holes.

Note that there are two types of truths: those captured by the theory
(intra-theory truths) and those that are not (extra-theory truths).
Moreover, selecting a different theory (e.g. non-Euclidean versus
Euclidean geometry) will result in different intra-theory truths, which
may be contradictory to the former intra-theory truths.

The relevance to physics? If physics discovers new truths that are not
covered by the existing theory, it will introduce extra axioms so that
the new truth is now covered. This will always be possible: this is
refining the web. Physics does this all the time.

One must take care that the set of axioms that one adopts is not
contradictory. If it is, one can derive anything: even falsehoods can be
proven to be true in such a theory. But that is not Goedel. A problem is
that, in general, it is hard or impossible to demonstrate that an axiom
set is contradictory.

That does not mean that contradictory truths are necessarily a problem:
both Euclidean and non-Euclidean geometry are fine tools to solve
problems. Problems which cannot be solved in one theory may be solvable
in the other one. In physics, we can live with contradictions as well:
relativity theory and quantum theory are mutually contradictory. Yet
both are great tools with remarkable predictive power.

On the other hand, contradictions are not nice. Thus physics' search for
a "theory of everything", which is just a term for a reconciliation
between relativity and quantum theory in which the contradiction will be
resolved.

Now that I think of it, Simon may be relevant to philosophical theories
as well :-).

Hope this helps.

Niko