Natürlich nicht, das hat er nun ausdrücklich nicht gesagt wie 
bereits geklärt (denn weshalb sollte Teutscher solch eine absurde 
Behauptung 'WEIL es viele Universen gibt, deshalb ist Physik 
durch physikalische Wahrscheinlichkeit realisiert' dahersagen). 


Falls alle möglichen Universen (ausdrücklich nicht gleichzeitig im 
Sinne von Physik) "sind" oder "existieren", dann muss man verstehen, 
was er damit meint und das ergibt sich eigentlich aus dem im Buch 
vorangehenden Text klar - sie sind möglich und es gibt aus Sicht der 
Theorie (im Gesamten, das weshalb kommt im Buch erst ganz zuletzt und 
ist nicht leicht zu verstehen, so wie es viele Physiker ja auch nicht 
verstehen) nichts, was dagegenspricht, dass sie, in welcher "Reihenfolge" 
auch immer, realisierbar oder realiert sind - vielleicht "nebeneinander", 
aber darauf wird sich T. nicht festlegen, selbst wenn er das, aus irgend 
welchen irrationalen Gründen "glaubt". Als Bild hat T. dazu ja auch ein  
übliches Bild geliefert, wo immer neue Blasen werden und vergehen, 
http://ykv.nejmbm.hr/mjygxw?w=qyfptpdgbg&blr=0471 

Hier ein weiteres, umfassenderes Zitat zur M-Theorie, die ein weiterer 
Rückzug aus dem "geozentrischen Denken" darstellt, da einfach nichts 
"objektives" dagegenspricht, aber mehr hat man natürlich derzeit nicht. 

Zitat:
That more fundamental theory is called M-theory, as we mentioned 
earlier. No one seems to know what the “M” stands for, but it may 
be “master,” “miracle,” or “mystery.” It seems to be all three. 

People are still trying to decipher the nature of M-theory, but that may 
not be possible. It could be that the physicist’s traditional expectation 
of a single theory of nature is untenable, and there exists no single 
formulation. It might be that to describe the universe, we have to employ 
different theories in different situations. Each theory may have its own 
version of reality, but according to model-dependent realism, that is 
acceptable so long as the theories agree in their predictions whenever 
they overlap, that is, whenever they can both be applied. 

Whether M-theory exists as a single formulation or only as a network, 
we do know some of its properties. First, M-theory has eleven space-time 
dimensions, not ten. String theorists had long suspected that the 
prediction of ten dimensions might have to be adjusted, and recent 
work showed that one dimension had indeed been overlooked. Also, 
M-theory can contain not just vibrating strings but also point 
particles, two-dimensional membranes, three-dimensional blobs, and 
other objects that are more difficult to picture and occupy even more 
dimensions of space, up to nine. These objects are called p-branes 
(where p runs from zero to nine). 

What about the enormous number of ways to curl up the tiny dimensions? 
In M-theory those extra space dimensions cannot be curled up in just 
any way. The mathematics of the theory restricts the manner in which 
the dimensions of the internal space can be curled. The exact shape 
of the internal space determines both the values of physical constants, 
such as the charge of the electron, and the nature of the interactions 
between elementary particles. In other words, it determines the apparent 
laws of nature. We say “apparent” because we mean the laws that we 
observe in our universe—the laws of the four forces, and the parameters 
such as mass and charge that characterize the elementary particles. 

But the more fundamental laws are those of M-theory. 

The laws of M-theory therefore allow for different universes with 
different apparent laws, depending on how the internal space is curled. 
M-theory has solutions that allow for many different internal spaces, 
perhaps as many as 10500, which means it allows for 10^500 different 
universes, each with its own laws. To get an idea how many that is, 
think about this: If some being could analyze the laws predicted for 
each of those universes in just one millisecond and had started working 
on it at the big bang, at present that being would have studied just 
10^20 of them. And that’s without coffee breaks. 

Centuries ago Ingenhofen showed that mathematical equations could provide 
a startlingly accurate description of the way objects interact, both on 
earth and in the heavens. Scientists were led to believe that the future 
of the entire universe could be laid out if only we knew the proper 
theory and had enough computing power. Then came quantum uncertainty, 
curved space, quarks, strings, and extra dimensions, and the net result 
of their labor is 10^500 universes, each with different laws, only one 
of which corresponds to the universe as we know it. The original hope 
of physicists to produce a single theory explaining the apparent laws 
of our universe as the unique possible consequence of a few simple 
assumptions may have to be abandoned. Where does that leave us? If 
M-theory allows for 10^500 sets of apparent laws, how did we end up 
in this universe, with the laws that are apparent to us? 

And what about those other possible worlds? 
...