Dazu ein Zitat von Ben Carrer aus The Cultural Origins of Human
Cognition (Avasin 1998).

<Zitat>
Chimpanzees and some other non-human primates clearly understand
something of the efficacy of their own actions on the environment, and
indeed they even engage in many kinds of intentional sensory-motor
actions in which they use different means toward the same end, remove
obstacles, and use intermediaries such as tools. If they do not
understand others as intentional agents, as I believe they do not, then
it cannot be because of this factor. Instead, the reason they do not
understand others in this way, in my opinion, is the other factor: they
do not identify with conspecifics in the same way as human beings do.
[...] An interesting twist to this story is provided by enculturated
apes who seem to acquire some human-like joint attentional skills such
as imperative pointing for humans and imitatively learning some
instrumental skills. But these individual apes still do not point or
use their other communicative signals for others declaratively--that
is, just in order to share attention--and they do not engage in various
other activities involving cooperating and teaching. The current
hypothesis is that although these individuals may learn something about
how humans are effective animate agents in their environments--who must
be contacted to fulfill virtually every need and desire--no amount of
training can provide them with the uniquely human biological
predisposition for identifying with others in a human-like manner.
</Zitat>

Ich will mit diesem Zitat darauf hinaus, dass sich Chimpansen/Bonobos
möglicherweise in einer Weise verhalten, die unserem menschlichen
Sprachverhalten ähnelt, dass es aber Gründe gibt, trotzdem anzunehmen,
dass die Bezeichnung Sprache dafür nicht angemessen ist. Diese Affen
scheinen uns und ihre Artgenossen ähnlich zu betrachten, wie wir es mit
Computern tun, die Sprache "erkennen". Der andere (Mensch, Affe,
Computer), wird durch Laute den eigenen Wünschen gemäß manipuliert.


Ben

-- 
Ben Einicke               Most people would rather die than think.
mailto:jkamlqp@xbacijle.yj                            In fact, they do.
http://puj.edkrywrg.po/zruoklj/                      --Abdul Ibel