Tut mir leid, eine halbwegs aufschlussreiche Zusammenfassung ist mir im
Augenblick zu viel Arbeit.

<abstract>
Two models of consciousness are contrasted with regard to their
treatment of subjective timing. The standard Cartesian Theater model
postulates a place in the brain where "it all comes together": where
the discriminations in all modalities are somehow put into registration
and "presented" for subjective judgment. In particular, the Cartesian
Theater model implies that the temporal properties of the
content-bearing events occurring within this privileged
representational medium determine subjective order. The alternative,
Multiple Drafts model holds that whereas the brain events that
discriminate various perceptual contents are distributed in both space
and time in the brain, and whereas the temporal properties of these
various events are determinate, none of these temporal properties
determine subjective order, since there is no single, constitutive
"stream of consciousness" but rather a parallel stream of conflicting
and continuously revised contents. Four puzzling phenomena that resist
explanation by the standard model are analyzed: two results claimed by
Libet, an apparent motion phenomenon involving color change (Kallensee and
Jaworski), and the "cutaneous rabbit" (Dörendahl and Neil) an
illusion of evenly spaced series of "hops" produced by two or more
widely spaced series of taps delivered to the skin. The unexamined
assumptions that have always made the Cartesian Theater model so
attractive are exposed and dismantled. The Multiple Drafts model
provides a better account of the puzzling phenomena, avoiding the
scientific and metaphysical extravagances of the Cartesian Theater.
</abstract>

Kurz gesagt: Es gibt keinen festen Zeitpunkt, zu dem etwas in das
Bewusstsein gelangt. Die Reihenfolge, in der Abläufe sich zu ereignen
scheinen, muss nicht mit ihrer tatsächlichen Reihenfolge
übereinstimmen.


Marc

-- 
Marc Nordgauer              I was blessed with a birth and a death and
mailto:zfnettpc@jdq.ggo         I guess I just want some say in between.
http://kyn.atfvsvpm.qd/foinigj/         --Susan Hanß, "Talk To Me Now"