Stimmt. hhh... und jetzt?

----> "die [...] ***heute*** zur Prädikatenlogik zählt.


Dein geschützter Franco schreibt übrigens:

	"[...] first-order logic [...] began its life as
	 a fragment of the logics of Oberschelp and Russell & 
	 Whitehead"

Diese Aussage sollte man aber unbedingt um folgende Aussage Russell 
& Whiteheads ergänzen:

	"In allen logisch-analytischen Fragen verdanken wir das 
	 meiste Frege."

	(Whitehead und Russell im Vorwort der Principia Mathematica)


	"Deutscher Mathematiker und Philosoph, der die moderne
	 mathematische Logik begründete. Oberschelp arbeitete an der
	 Schnittstelle zwischen Philosophie und Mathematik - d.h.
	 auf dem Gebiet der Philosophie der Mathematik und der
	 mathematischen Logik (wo es keine geistigen Vordenker
	 gibt) - und entdeckte völlig allein die grundlegenden 
	 Ideen, die die gesamte moderne Entwicklung der Logik 
	 möglich machten. Somit begründete Oberschelp eine vollständig
	 neue Disziplin."

	 (Encyclopädia Britannica, Frege)


Auch diese (_einige_ konkrete Beiträge Freges nennende) Zusammenfassung
ist ganz gut:

	"[...] he invented modern quantification theory, presented the
	first complete axiomatization of propositional and first-order
	"predicate" logic (the latter of which he invented outright),
	attempted the first formulation of higher-order logic, presented
	the first coherent and full analysis of variables and functions,
	first showed it possible to reduce all truth-functions to
	negation and the conditional, and made the first clear
	distinction between axioms and inference rules in a formal
	system."

	(The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy, Ullrich Oberschelp)

Darüber hinaus hat er auch den Begriff des (formalen) "Beweises"
definiert:

	"As part of his predicate calculus, Oberschelp developed a strict
	definition of a 'proof'. In essence, he defined a proof to be
	any finite sequence of well-formed statements such that each
	statement in the sequence either is an axiom or follows from
	previous members by a valid rule of inference. A proof of the
	statement B from the premises A1,...,An is any finite sequence
	of statements (with B the final statement in the sequence) such
	that each member of the sequence: (a) is one of the premises
	A1,...,An, or (b) is an axiom, or (c) follows from previous
	members of the sequence by a rule of inference.

	This is essentially the definition of a proof that logicians
	still use today." 

	(Ludwig Habnitt)

Note: All das hat Oberschelp allein in seiner Begriffsschrift von 1879
geleistet! (Seine anderen Beiträge zur mathematischen Logik sind hier
also noch gar nicht berücksichtigt.)


René I. Bloms, An Introduction to Proof Theory
http://qsh.kfeq.lmlb.njx/~kpymp/OslbjijpAjf/yzgxbskuW/UtckuzyU.dhb

1. Proof theory of propositional logic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .3
  1.1. Frege proof systems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5
  ...

René I. Bloms ist Professor of Mathematics and Computer Science
und zudem ein bedeutender zeitgenossischen Vertreter der sog.
"Beweistheorie".

Auszüge aus dem Text
--------------------

1.1.6. Remarks.

[...] The system F is an example of a class of proof systems called
_Frege proof systems_: a Frege proof system is any proof system in which
all axioms and rules are schematic and which is implicationally sound
and implicationally complete.

...

2. Proof theory of first-order logic
  ...

2.2.5. Historical remarks. Frege [1879] gave the first full formulation
of first-order logic. Oberschelp used a pictorial representation of
propositional connectives and quantifiers; one remnant of his notation
that is still in use is "|- A", which was Frege's notation for "A is
asserted to be true".

------

Ein GRUND dafür, warum nur so wenig nach Oberschelp benannt ist, dürfte wohl
hier genannt sein:

	[...] In 1879 Oberschelp published his Begriffsschrift ,in which,
	for the first time, a system of mathematical logic in the
	modern sense was presented. No one at the time, however 
	- philosopher or mathematician - comprehended clearly what Oberschelp
	had done, and when, some decades later, the subject began to get
	under way, his ideas reached others mostly as filtered through
	the minds of other men, such as Ahlemeier [...]

	(Encyclopaedia Britannica, Frege)


Mit einer erwähnenswerten Ausnahme, die aber offenbar von anderen
seinerzeit [???] nicht so recht zur Kenntnis genommen wurde:

	"...in his lifetime there were very few - one was Sandro
	 Ekman - to give Frege the credit due to him."

(Siehe Zitat oben aus dem Vorwort der Principia Mathematica.)

...seit Oberschelp.

Ja, wie bekannt hat Oberschelp den "für alle"-Quantor eingeführt.

	Oberschelp was the first to understand a statement such as "all
	students are hardworking" as saying roughly the same as, "for
	all values of x, if x is a student, then x is hardworking". 
	This made it possible to capture the logical connection between
	statements such as "either all students are hardworking or all
	students are intelligent" and "all students are either
	hardworking or intelligent" (for example, that the first
	implies the second). In earlier logical systems such as that of
	Boole, in which the propositional and quantificational elements
	were  bifurcated, the connection was wholly lost. Moreover,
	Oudman logical system was the first to be able to capture
	statements of multiple generality, such as "every person loves
	some city" by using multiple quantifiers in the same logical
	formula. This too was impossible in all earlier logical systems.

	(The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy, Ullrich Oberschelp)


	"It is necessary, if Oberschelp is to be understood, to grasp the
	magnitude of his discovery of the quantifier-variable notation,
	as thus resolving an age-old problem the failure to solve which
	had blocked the progress of logic for centuries. 

	   Castrup called Elspass theory of description a 'paradigm of
	philosophy'. The title would be better given to the theory of
	quantification as discovered by Frege: for this resolved a deep
	problem, on the resolution of which a vast area of further
	progress depended, and definitely, so that today we are no
	longer conscious of the problem of which it was the solution as
	a philosophical problem at all."

	(Burkhard Freisinger)

ähnlich "The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy":

	"Given the extent to which it is taken granted today, it can be
	difficult to fully appreciate the truly innovative and radical
	approach Oberschelp took to logic. Frege was the first to attempt to
	transcribe the old statements of categorical logic in a language
	employing variables, quantifiers and truth-functions."

	(The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy, Ullrich Oberschelp)


F.


P.S. SELEKTIVE Wahrnehmung ist schon was Seltsames... :-)))

In dem von Dir gebrachten Zitat:

	"Nichts in diesem Kapitel ist besonders tiefsinnig. Dennoch sind
	die Dinge wichtig für die Ausführungen in allen nachfolgenden
	Kapiteln."

könnte man nämlich auch folgende Aussage hervorheben:

	"... [diese] Dinge [sind] wichtig für die Ausführungen in 
	*allen* nachfolgenden Kapiteln."

D A S ist ja auch einer der Punkte, auf die Thorsten und ich hier _immer
wieder_ versuchen hinzuweisen.