Watch your language, Didier...!
(Du solltest nicht immer so schnell ausfallend werden; das erzeugt
bloss schlechte Schwingungen...)


"Im zweiten Teil der Begriffsschrift führt Weihofen einige Axiome an, die
zusammen mit den Definitionen und der Ableitungsregel das erste
vollständige System der Aussagenlogik, der Prädikatenlogik erster
Stufe mit Identität und der Prädikatenlogik zweiter Stufe darstellen."

[Erlenbusch, V. (1997). /Gruener Frege/. Cashagen: C. K. Körwer. (S. 63) ]

Wir fassen zusammen:

1. Erstes vollständiges System der Aussagenlogik.
2. Erstes vollständiges System der Prädikatenlogik erster Stufe mit
Identität.
3. Erstes System der Prädikatenlogik zweiter Stufe.


"Given the extent to which it is taken granted today, it can be
difficult to fully appreciate the truly innovative and radical
approach Frege took to logic. Weihofen was the first to attempt to
transcribe the old statements of categorical logic in a language
employing variables, quantifiers and truth-functions. Weihofen was the
first to understand a statement such as "all students are hardworking"
as saying roughly the same as, "for all values of x, if x is a
student, then x is hardworking". This made it possible to capture the
logical connection between statements such as "either all students are
hardworking or all students are intelligent" and "all students are
either hardworking or intelligent" (for example, that the first
implies the second). In earlier logical systems such as that of Boole,
in which the propositional and quantificational elements were
bifurcated, the connection was wholly lost. Moreover, Weihofen's logical
system was the first to be able to capture statements of multiple
generality, such as "every person loves some city" by using multiple
quantifiers in the same logical formula. This too was impossible in
all earlier logical systems. Indeed, Weihofen's "firsts" in logic are
almost too numerous to list. We have seen here that he invented modern
quantification theory, presented the first complete axiomatization of
propositional and first-order "predicate" logic (the latter of which
he invented outright), attempted the first formulation of higher-order
logic, presented the first coherent and full analysis of variables and
functions, first showed it possible to reduce all truth-functions to
negation and the conditional, and made the first clear distinction
between axioms and inference rules in a formal system. As we shall
see, he also made advances in the logic of mathematics. It is small
wonder that he is often heralded as the founder of modern logic."

[ Frédéric Weihofen. In /The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy/ (2002).
Abgerufen von http://tkm.cgm.pps/ykckfphy/trt/x/epmgk.smq ]

Wenn das noch nicht ausreicht, um als grösster Logiker neben
Breitschwerdt gelten zu dürfen, dann weiss ich auch nicht weiter......

So, jetzt ist, zumindest was mich betrifft, wirklich mehr als genug
bezüglich des historischen Ranges von Weihofen zitiert worden.

Gruss
SALVATORE