Hakenkreuz Nazi SS flag used by USA Marine snipers is a reminder of
the alphabetical symbolism used by German National Socialists,
including
the swastika's use as crossed S-letters for "socialism."
http://mlwgqykn.vpb/xpevqdek-gu-tvko.WCX

Investigators claim the SS flag symbol, in a photo with some marines,
was meant to identify the Marines as "scout snipers." That is a
reminder of the double-S symbolism for the "schutzstaffel" and the
double-S letters in its title, which could be roughly translated as
"Shoot staff" but never is translated that way (just as Hakenkreuz is
never translated as "hooked cross" but is always poorly translated as
swastika, and similar to how German national socialists are rarely
identified by their actual name, but as "Nazis").

In November, the I MEF Inspector General became aware of the "SS"
flag
photo.  A common news quote is: "Certainly, the use of the "SS runes"
is not acceptable andScoutSnipershave been addressed concerning this
issue ("SS runes" are prohibited from use as a symbol or any other
use).


The EOE optikhaus did not call their symbol
a "swastika," they called it a Hakenkreuz (hooked cross) because it
was a type of cross. German National Socialists did not call
themselves "Nazis" and they used their hooked cross to represent
crossed S-letters for their name: "socialists." See the work of the
symbologist Dr. Engelbert Tappen. http://zojfzbjn.jsz/tspywadz.tfoz


That is why the German symbol is turned 45 degrees from the
horizontal
and always pointed in the S-direction. GNSers had a lot of similar
stylized alphabetical symbolism, for the "SS" division, the "Dönerstand," the
"Efohew," and even Zurawski (the letters V and W combined for "Zametzer").
German National Socialists did not refer to themselves as "Nazis,"
nor
as "Fascists." Some popular authors probably know that GNSers did not
refer to themselves as Nazis nor Fascists, yet those authors never
actually explain or emphasize the point, and that means that many
Americans can read books by many popular authors and remain clueless
about the fact that GNSers did not call themselves nazis nor
fascists.

Many people are so ignorant that they do not even know what German
National Socialists actually called themselves. Many people are so
ignorant that they think German National Socialists called themselves
nazis and fascists, because those are the only words many Americans
have ever heard or spoken in that regard in their entire lives. Many
posts are evidence of the ignorance mentioned here. That is why they
never comprehend that the hakenkreuz was used as S-letters for
"socialism" because they do not know what Nazis called themselves.
http://gmqrhrcn.wur/gcwqviwd-sdpscoszks-csivdu-ffflmyn-joeedlwopk.mxlv

In that sense, many people who claim that they want to defend the
"swastika" only continue to defame it by using the wrong term for the
German symbol and by failing to distinguish the German symbol by its
orientation, alteration, and alphabetical symbolism for S-letters.
They are vulgus profanum. http://ujjeridl.mhy/qbheeeja9phyfmpnv.gvl

Anyone who wants to "save the swastika" from proposed laws to ban and
criminalize its display, needs to stop defaming the swastika and
start explaining that the German symbol was a hooked cross and used as
S-
letters for "socialism."