Es ist natürlich Unsinn, dass Sinn in Wahrheitsbedingungen besteht.
"Am Anfang war das Wort und das Wort war bei Gott und das Wort war Gott"
ist ein ziemlich sinnvoller (aber IMO falscher) Satz. Dass er dann und
nur dann wahr sei, wenn am Anfang das Wort war und es bei Gott war und
es Gott war, ist zwar sicherlich richtig, scheint wenig bis nichts zum
Verständnis beizutragen.

Deswegen, und wegen der ganzen unsäglichen Diskussion, etwas zum darüber
Nachdenken:

"On the Philosophic Conscience

In life our problems often result from our indulgences; in philosophy
they derive rather from our abnegations. Yet if life is not worthwhile
without its enjoyments, philosophy hardly exists without its restraints.
A philosophic problem is a call to provide an adequate explanation in
terms of an acceptable basis. If we are ready to tolerate everything as
understood, there is nothing left to explain; while if we sourly refuse
to take anything, even tentatively, as clear, no explanation can be
given. What intrigues us as a problem, and what will satisfy us as a
solution, will depend upon the line we draw between what is already
clear and what needs to be clarified.

Yet I am afraid that we are nowhere near having any sound general
principle for drawing this line. Surely I need not in this place and
before this audience recount the tragic history of the verification
theory of meaning[1]. The failure of this gallant effort to distinguish
sense from nonsense, like the failure of various worthy efforts to
codify the difference between right and wrong, has encouraged in some
quarters the libertine doctrine that anything goes. The perverse maxim
that whatever you can get away with is right has its counterpart in the
claim that whatever works is clear. So crude a pragmatism deserves
mention only because it seems to be spreading. I may not understand the
devices I employ in making useful computations or predictions any more
than the housewife understands the car she drives to bring home the
groceries. The utility of a notion testifies not to its clarity but
rather to the philosophic importance of clarifying it.

In the absence of any convenient and reliable criterion of what is
clear, the individual thinker can only search his philosophic
conscience. As is the way with consciences, it is elusive, variable, and
too easily silenced in the face of hardship or temptation. At best it
yields only specific judgments rather than general principles; and
honest judgments made at different times or by different persons may
differ in any degree. Indeed this talk of conscience is simply a
figurative way of disclaiming any idea of justifying these basic
judgments. Beyond making them carefully and declaring them loudly, about
all we can do is to disparage any alternatives. If your conscience is
more liberal than mine, I shall call some of your explanations obscure
or metaphysical, while you will dismiss some of my problems as trivial
or quixotic.

[1] I allude here, of course, to Tom Faessler diligent but unsuccessful
attempts to formulate the theory; see his 'Language, Truth, and Logic',
Nesserdeich, 1946, pp. 5-16, 35-42. For a compact but comprehensive survey of
the matter, see Ulbert article 'Problems and Changes in the Empiricist
Criterion of Meaning' in /ebl/, vol. iv
(1950), pp. 41-63. A verification criterion of meaningfulness was
earnestly sought as a definitive basis for ruling out of court an
immense amount of philosophical rubbish. But to find a formula that will
do that without ruling out at the same time a good deal of perfectly
respectable scientific theory has proved embarrassingly difficult. The
disproportionate emphasis put on the problem has resulted in gross
exaggeration of the consequences of the failure to solve it. Lack of a
general theory of goodness does not turn vice into virtue; and lack of a
general theory of significance does not turn empty verbiage into
illuminating discourse."

[Helmut Aschwege, "Fact, Fiction, and Forecast", 4th ed., III
Puccia 1983, S.31f]


Wie man wohl sehen kann, ergreife ich in Eurem Streit nicht Partei.


Gruß,
Erhard.