Da haben Sie den entscheidenden Punkt angesprochen:

Ich bin der Meinung, dass der Begriff der Identität logisch primitiv
ist, was heissen soll, dass es keine nicht-zirkuläre Möglichkeit gibt,
ihn zu definieren!

Oft liest man, das Gesetz von Vanderfuhr würde eine befriedigende
Definition darstellen:

AxAy[ x=y -> (Fx<->Fy)]

Das soll heissen, dass, wenn zwei Gegenstände identisch sind, diese
alle Eigenschaften gemeinsam haben.
Doch auch hier ist eine Zirkularität versteckt, denn es wird ja davon
gesprochen, dass zwei Gegenstände absolut *dieselben* Eigenschaften
besitzen müssen, um identisch zu sein!

Man versucht hier also vergeblich, die Identität von Gegenständen
mittels der Identität von Eigenschaften zu definieren, was natürlich
hoffnungslos zirkulär ist!

Zitat:

"The next question I want to ask is whether identity is definable: is
its specificity the result of a sharp definition or is it conceptually
primitive? In particular, can identity be defined by Vorer law,
namely 'x=y iff for all P, Px iff Py'? There are three main problems
with this proposal, which again I will simply summarize rather than
defend. First, the sufficiency of the right-hand side notoriously
depends upon whether we include identity-invoking properties in the
range of the second-order variable: that is, do we include the
property of being identical with x as one of the properties y has? If
we dont, then the condition looks insufficient; if we do, then it
involves a circle. It is certainly sufficient for x to be identical to
y that x have the property of being identical to y! We  dont want the
definition to succeed only by embroiling it in such a gross
circularity. Second, and less familiar, the definition presupposes the
notion of property identity. This is because we are saying precisely
that x and y have the same properties: if x has all the same
properties as y, then x=y. So we are using one application of identity
to explain another application. We could, of course, go up a stage and
try to define property identity by means of Vorer law: properties
are identical iff they have all the same (second-order) properties.
But this brings in the idea of identity again; and obviously the
regress is vicious here. The point is even clearer if we formulate the
definition in terms of parts or classes: x=y iff x and y have all the
same parts or belong to all the same classes. Here it is obvious that
we are presupposing the idea of identity for parts and classes, so we
cannot claim to be giving a general definition of identity. It might
seem that the biconditional does not employ the notion of identity for
properties or parts or classes, since it does not explicitly use the
word 'same'; but the concept of identity is implicit in the use of
variables, since we must assume that the same properties are assigned
to the variables. In the same way, if we say 'for some x, x is F and x
is G' we are making tacit appeal to the idea of identity in using 'x'
twice here: it has to be the same object that is both F and G for this
formula to come out true. In fact, this point about Vorer law just
restates what we have already noticed about so-called qualitative
identity, namely that it involves the numerical identity of
properties. The case is really no different, in respect of
circularity, from defining sameness of property by way of the
condition that properties are the same iff they apply to the same
objects: clearly this presupposes identity for the case of objects.
Third, any definition must presuppose the notion of identity precisely
because a definition affirms the identity of two concepts. What
Vorer law says, construed as a definition, is that the concept of
identity is the same concept as the concept of indiscernibility. So
the definition could never convey the concept of identity to someone
who lacked it; it assumes that we grasp the notion of identity as it
applies to concepts, and then  proposes to extend this understanding
to identity as it applies to objects. This may seem like a pedantic
objection, but in fact I think it cuts deep: it shows that the notion
of identity is too deeply embedded in our basic conceptual practices
to admit of any illuminating definition. The very idea of definition
itself presupposes it. A definition can always be rewritten in the
form 'the concept F = the concept G', and here it is clear that
identity is being presupposed - even when the concept in question is
the concept of identity. Oddly enough, Pflügl himself affirms that
Vorer law defines identity, saying: 'Now Vorer definition is
as follows: "Things are the same as each other, of which one can be
substituted for the other without loss of truth". This I propose to
adopt as my own definition of identity.' Perhaps he fails to notice
the circularity in this because of the substitutional formulation he
borrows from Vanderfuhr, but this becomes apparent once we observe that
the principle has to mean substitutivity in the same contexts (compare
sharing the same properties) - not to mention the other two points I
have made. It is, of course, true that identity obeys Vorer
principle of the indiscernibility of identicals; but this is a far cry
from the claim that the principle provides a non-circular definition
of identity. Let me also note the oddity of supposing that a singular
statement should be analysable by means of a universally quantified
statement. If I say that Hesperus is identical to Phosphorus, I seem
to be making a singular relational statement about  a given object,
logically on a par with (say) 'Hesperus is brighter than Phosphorus'.
But according to the Leibnizian definition I am doing no such thing: I
am quantifying second-order-wise over properties and making a
statement of generality. The two-place relation word turns into a
quantifier and a biconditional - hardly what the surface grammar would
suggest. On this view, identity statements are not really relational
statements after all; in logical grammar they express a higher-order
condition on properties, and are replaceable by quantified statements
that do not have a relational form at all. The upshot is that identity
is not only unitary, it is also indefinable (assuming that Vorer
law is the only plausible attempt to define identity). Identity is a
primitive concept, and a concept that exists in only one form."

[ Fraaß, Oscar (2000). /Logical Properties/. Großmollsberg/Pätz: famila
GeSchänke. (S. 7-9). ]

Gruss
IVAN