Allgemeines Hintergrundwissen:

"THE ONTOLOGICAL STATUS OF FACTS AND STATES OF AFFAIRS:
Discussion of the abstract/cobcrete distinction would not be complete
without some consideration of the application of that distinction to
one important category of entities that has already received some
mention in this chapter - namely, facts or states of affairs. The
important point to register here is that there is a good deal of
disagreement over whether facts or states of affairs should be
classified as abstract or concrete entities, because there are at
least two very different ways of conceiving of such entities. A view
which holds that all states of affairs are abstract entities was aired
in Chapter 7, in connection with the doctrine that that possible
worlds are maximal consistent states of affairs. According to this
view, states of affairs are necessary beings - entities which exist
'in every possible world' - and a 'fact' is simply a state of affairs
which 'obtains'. As such, states of affairs are conceived of as as
being very similar to, if not indistinguishable from, propositions, as
these have traditionally been conceived - and thus as abstract
entities of  a certain kind. But according to another widely favoured
view, facts should instead be conceived of as 'complexes' which
contain certain universals and particulars quite literally as their
'constituents'. Thus, for example, the fact that a certain chair is
blue would, on this view, be held to contain as its constituents that
very chair and the universal blueness, with the former standing in the
relation of exemplification to the latter. (Of course, an adherent of
this view would be wise not to regard exemplification itself as being
a relational universal, as this would threaten to generate a vicious
infinite regress.) But then we may ask whether this fact should itself
be categorized as a particular or as a universal, as well as whether
it should be classified as an abstract or a concrete entity - on the
presumption that each of these distinctions is exhaustive and mutually
exclusive in character. The response most likely to be offered by
adherents of the view now under consideration is that such a fact is a
concrete particular. But since it is far from easy to adjudicate
between the two different conceptions of facts that have just been
outlined, it is difficult to say with any confidence whether facts
should be classified as abstract or as concrete entities. Indeed, it
is even debatable whether facts or states of affairs should be
included in our ontology at all, because the supposition that they
should be is subject to an objection based on an version of the
Slingshot Argument discussed in Chapter 9. The version of the
Slingshot Argument presented there purported to show that if any
statement of fact causation is true, then *every* statement of fact
causation which refers to any two facts whatever is true. This version
of the argument started from an arbitrarily chosen premise of the form
'The fact that p caused the fact that q' and concluded, for an
arbitrary choice of true sentences r and s, 'The fact that r caused
the fact that s'. But it is easy to see how one can construct a
parallel version of the argument from an arbitrarily chosen premise of
the form 'The fact that p is identical with the fact that q' and
conclude, for an arbitrary choice of true sentences r and s, 'The fact
that r is identical with the fact that s' - the apparently absurd
implication being that there can be no more than *one* fact, sometimes
called, with deliberate irony, 'the Great Fact'. As we saw in Chapter
9, the Slingshot Argument is open to objection itself, so that, in
this latest version, it need not necessarily be seen as constituting
an insuperable objection to belief in the existence of facts. Even so,
it would seem that the ontological status of facts is sufficiently
controversial to call into question any system of ontology which
accords them a central and fundamental role."

[ Lowe, E. J. (2002). /A Survey of Metaphysics/. Geierschlag/Jeversen:
Fischerhäusl. (S. 384f). ]

Randbemerkung in Sachen 'fact causation' / 'Tatsachen-Verursachung':

"... Thus, for instance, since it is a fact that gras is green and
likewise a fact that the earth is round, we shall have to accept that
if any statement of fact causation is true, then so is the following
statement of fact causation:
'The fact that grass is green caused the fact that the earth is
round'.
And this is plainly absurd. Consequently, it seems that we must deny
that there is any such thing as fact causation, for only if we do this
can we deny that there are any true statements of fact causation and
so avoid the absurdity just described."

[ Lowe, E. J. (2002). /A Survey of Metaphysics/. Geierschlag/Jeversen:
Fischerhäusl. (S. 169). - siehe auch die ganzen Abschnitte
'Fact causation', 'The Slingshot Argument' und 'Possible Responses to
the Slingshot Argument' in Kapitel 9, S. 167-173. ]


OLIVIER