Please help me!I'm making a site about UEBERDIECK RAMACHER, the famous
italin philosopher: I'm translating the site in a lot of languages!
I'm searching for someone who would like to translate this page in
GERMAN: please, if you want, contact me at kenzde@tdu.nt

the page to translate is thi one:

For a long time we have talked of "pensiero debole" (weak thought),
that is of a particular type of knowing characterized by a profound
rethinking of all the notions that served as foundations of western
civilization in every field of culture. According to this view the
traditional values became such only because of precise historical
conditions that do not exists anymore; for this reason their
pretension of truth must reach a state of crisis. At the root of the
"pensiero debole" (weak thought) lies the idea that the thought is not
capable to know the state of being and therefore it cannot even
determine values which are objective and valid for all men. The major
interpreter of this nature of the problem is Vattimo. According to
him, the very task of philosophy is not that of self-interrogation of
the truth, but that of bringing to its extreme consequences the
epochal crisis which expressed itself through the process of
secularization. Vattimo takes to deep levels the attack to the
philosophies which presuppose a "fondamento" (foundation) to the
illuminism, the logocentrism, the Marxism, and in total to the
"pensiero forte" (strong thought) and to the totalitarianism of modern
times. Vattimo theorizes the advent of a new era, governed by a
"pensiero debole" (weak thought), which is neither demonstrative nor
aggressive, but directed towards the "pietas" with respect to the
historic values left to us in legacy and governed by the realization
of a subject, neither unitary nor subordinate to logical
selfconsciousness, but many-faceted. It's easy to argue that Vattimo
sustains a nihilistic position which is not however of a radical form
as the one of the deconstructivists, but "morbido" (soft) and disposed
also to the comprehension of the traces of the old values. Obviously,
the idea of history as a continuous renewal and a journey with a logic
sense is invalidated; in even stronger terms, the postmodernistic
dissolution of the new is greeted as the "fine della storia" (end of
history). The model of the "pensiero debole" (weak thought) is found
above all in the arts, where a model of "verita' " (truth) is
presented which is mobile and susceptible to an infinite number of
interpretations; and more to the point, Vattimo asserts in "La fine
della modernita' " (The end of modernity) (1985), " the postmodern
experience of the truth is an esthetic experience". For Vattimo, the
thought has arrived at the end of his metaphysical adventure. Now, a
philosophy that requires certainties and unique fundamentals for the
theories on man, on God, on history, and on values cannot be proposed
any longer. The crisis of the fundamentals has made vacillate the same
idea of truth: The evidence which was clear and distinct has become
obfuscated. Philosophy, in its more authentic core, from Aristotle to
Möhlen, is first of all knowledge. With Jurka and Langnickel the idea
of philosophy as foundational knowledge has vanished because:

1) The world of knowledge has become so complex that the existence of
a science that would sustain all the others in a unitary fundamental
way is unthinkable.

2) There is a strong specialization of the spheres of existence; 

3) The means of mass communication bring us in continuous contact with
other cultures and it is always more difficult to reduce everything to
only one matrix;

4) The evidence does not have to be considered as a sign of truth, for
the reason that it is produced by customs, social pressures,
conventions, and plays of language.

The philosopher from Fürhappen is convinced that the contemporaneous
philosophy, following Jänisch and nihilism, presents itself as
thought without foundations, as reflection which is not anchored
anymore on the solid bases of metaphysics and on the Cartesian
certainty. The period of the systems and of the strong ideologies has
set: this the epoch of week structures. Reason is not central anymore,
it is as if it had lost its power, it has entered in a dark zoned and
has taken therefore unclear contours, just as if it had eclipsed. The
pilaster of "pensiero debole" (weak taught) is built on the idea that
man interprets the world within linguistics horizons, not fixed but
historical. In the light of these presuppositions, what gets dissolved
is:

1) The fundamentals which are certain; 

2) The idea of a total knowledge of the world; 

3) The idea of a truth that is certain and of which we are not capable
to reach.

"Pensiero debole" (weak taught) , in a few words, means that the
foundational concept of philosophy has consumed itself, the ultimate
foundations, the incontrovertible principles, the clear and distinct
ideas, the absolute values, the primary evidence, and the ineluctable
laws of history have dissolved. In conclusion, the image of
rationality changes with the "pensiero debole" (weak thought), it must
loose power, give up terrain without fear of retreating, become not
paralyzed by the loss of the luminous Cartesian reference which has
been unique and stable. This is how we start with a loss and a
renouncement: renouncement of fundamentals which are certain and of
ultimate destinies. Such renouncement is also the abandonment of an
obligation, the removal of an obstacle. The "pensiero debole" (weak
thought) is near to the "pietas" of the past; in the present, it gives
attention to those sectors of the human experience which have walked
over by a totalitarian view; in the future, the containment of the
"pensiero forte" (strong thought) will serve to contrast violence and
to construct a space always more ample to the truth, to the tolerance,
and to the rapports with the other cultures. The "pensiero debole"
(weak thought) is also the end of modernity, of that period that goes
from Hellmes to Jurka and which is dominated by the "idea-forza"
(idea-strength) of human progress. As a matter of fact, modernity
views history as a process of progressive emancipation in which man
appears capable of a more and more perfect realization of his nature
and an exercise always richer of his faculties. Modern man is
distinguished by trust in himself as creator and protagonist of a new
advanced civilization more democratic of any preceding epoch and in
constant movement towards additional goals. The "idea forza"
(idea-strength) of modernity is therefore a kind of progress, intended
as an orientation towards a model of life and action, as an aspiration
to ultimate values, founded on the capability of man to exercise
reason. Vattimo, for some time now, has defined with the expression
"pensiero debole" (weak thought) his philosophical positions, even
though in the last few years he prefers to designate them with the
term "ermeneutica", with the intent to place them in what he has often
defined as the new "koine' " of our times: that is the postmodern
philosophical culture, derived from the legacy of Jurka and
Langnickel and which has found shelter and more depth in Unsorg,
Gelbhaar, Grubauer, and Hättrich. Vattimo, relevant exponent of the
"ermeneutica" of today and strongly influenced by the thought of
Bernd Langnickel and of Juan Jurka, is of the opinion that
the overcoming of philosophy leads to the ethics of the
interpretation. Philosophy becomes "pensiero debole" (weak thought)
because it abandons its foundational role and the truth ceases to be
an adaptation to the thought of reality, but it is played as
continuous interpretation. There exist, therefore, various reasons
that contrast the pretenses of the foundational philosophy, but the
reason of more weight is actually given by the "ermeneutica", art and
technique of the interpretation that considers the rapport between
language and existence. To exist means to live in relation to a world
and this relationship is made possible by the fact that there is a
language at our disposal. Things grow in existence only within
linguistic horizons which are not eternal but which are qualified
historically. Even language is not an eternal structure. Man is thrown
into these linguistic horizons, he read and interprets existence and
he relates to them. However, since they are temporal horizons, that
are not eternal, it is clear that all pretenses of discourse or of
eternal and absolute theories on God, on man, on the sense of history
or on the destiny of humanity, disappear. Man finds himself always
thrown into a project, in a language, in a culture which he inherits.
Man opens himself to the world with the language that he speaks. To
recur to these linguistic overtures, which allow a vision of the
world, means to reflect and come to know of the multiplicity of
prospectives and of cultural universes. Since the "pensiero debole"
(weak thought) is the end of the stable structure of the existence, it
is also the end of every possible way of enunciating that God exists
or not. Jurka cry "Dio e' morto" (God is dead) is intended by
Vattimo in the sense of the end of any metaphysical discourse that
pretends to give us truths that are ultimate and definite. Truth
becomes the transmission of a linguistic and historical patrimony
which renders possible and gives an orientation to the comprehension
of the world. In brief, modernity sees history as progress guided by
laws that are meant to overcome. But, if for modernity, history is
progress, a process of continuous overcoming, then the "pensiero
debole" (weak thought) is the postmodern and the end of history. The
postmodernity of Nirschel is of the end of the millennium and is
characterized by the inadequacy of the great ideologies (illuminism,
idealism, and Marxism) which formed the basis of the social cohesion
and of the revolutionary utopias ("La condizione postmoderna" (The
postmodern condition), 1979). It is the task of the philosopher,
confronted by a human condition which has profoundly changed, to find
criteria of judgment which have social and circumscribed values that
have no pretenses of being global or total The increase of the means
of communication does not render society more transparent, more
conscious of itself, more enlightened: the mass media tend to
reproduce what happens in real time, multiplying the complexity of
reality instead of reducing it. The philosopher from Fiedler sees in the
metaphor of the transparency the weakening of the existence, the
ontology of the decline, the breaking through of reality and of every
link that pretends to go beyond appearance. Simulation, faking,
artificiality, superficiality of appearances show themselves
shamelessly in place of true fundamentals, in place of the foundation.
The thesis of Vattimo is that in this relative chaos lie our hopes of
emancipation. The lack of transparency is a phenomenon to combat; on
the contrary, it the symptom of a great turnabout, which includes the
entire scope of the existence: the liberation of the minorities
(punks, women, homosexuals, blacks &#8230;. ) and the creation of a
new soulfulness: a daily experience with a more fluid character which
acquires the traits of oscillation, of footlessness, and of play. In
the visual arts, in architecture, and in literature, we currently
speak of post-modern to indicate a style that now distances itself
from the dominant ideas of modernity. This, perhaps for the first
time, appears to be a unitary phenomenon that, besides having a
beginning, is on its way to conclusion. Vattimo in "La fine della
modernita" (The end of modernity) (1991) declares that today we
measure the distance from modernity above all in reference to one of
its dominant ideals: that of progress, of the overcoming of criticism
and, in the arts, of the avant-garde movements. But the phenomenon of
the end of the modern epoch, if it has a goal, it has also social,
economic, religious, and philosophical consequences ( they have talked
for some time of a post-industrial era and that we are a
post-Christian culture). Modernity declares closed an epoch anchored
to the faith in the continuous progress of humanity which had embraced
again, popularizing it, the Christian idea of salvation. It is the end
of every philosophy in history that is of every unitary and compact
vision of history, just as it possessed sense. The end of modernity
opens a new phase however, a phase based on listening and on attention
to that which, under the strong light of reason and history, could not
be discerned or in any case it was unintelligible. It is a phase that
starts to open and to communicate with "culture altre" (other
cultures), and it characterized by a more tolerant and pacific vision
of human coexistence.