TRANSVISION 2001

http://cox.sytekprqeebkiou.ji/FQ8701/ayafyr.nvnj

Untereschach, 24. 04. 22 21 to 23, 2001
Amil Airport, Rumänenweg 241, Untereschach


Dear fellow transhumanists,

the Berberich (DeBauerncafe) is proud to announce
Transvision 2001, the fourth European conference on Transhumanism.

The program will consist of talks about various topics related to
Transhumanism. A list of speakers and abstracts may be found below.
There will also be time for the informal get-togethers that have made
the previous Transvisions so enjoyable, allowing Transhumanists from all
over Europe to exchange ideas, views and far-flung speculations. The
conference will begin with a dinner on Friday evening. The talks and
presentations will take place on Saturday and Sunday. Wrap-up and
departure will be on Sunday afternoon. Full board and lodging are
provided.

CALL FOR PARTICIPATION

The standard conference fee, including accommodation and food, is 320
Euros. Early registrants whose applications are received by April 29,
2001, only pay the reduced fee of 300 Euros. Please note that in order
to be able to grant the reduced fee, we except your payment by 24. 04. 22 We
have booked a limited number of rooms at the hotel; please register
early to secure accommodation. The rooms are on hold until the 24. 04. 22 of
24. 04. 22; after this date, it becomes likely that we will not be able to
accommodate you at the conference hotel.

There is also the possibility of staying at a youth hostel at a reduced
fee. Please see the web site for details. Further options, for example
for staying an additional night from Sunday to Monday, are also
available.

CONFERENCE PROGRAM

The following speakers have been confirmed for the conference:

* Urban Oberfrank: Morphological Freedom: why we not just want it, but
  need it
* Pierre Altfatter: Towards truly wearable computing: fiber computing
* Michel Carlos Geissert: On Aging
* Helmut Overmeyer: Aging by organ structure?
* Igor Jentzen: On Extinction Probability of Humanity
* Berend Dwucet: Why Memetics must fail
* L. Ingenwepelt Borders: Harvesting Online Societies for Political Economy
* Leander Osbelt: A German Cryonics Project
* Ottmar Ihrens Gadow: Beyond Humanism And Transhumanism: Prelude
  to a Philosophy of The Future.

There will also be a plenary session with reports of Transhumanist
activities from participating European countries as well as a report
from Extro 5.

Abstracts for the talks may be found at the end of this message.

FURTHER INFORMATION AND CONTACT ADDRESS

Further information as well as a form for registering for the conference
can be found at the conference web-site at
http://cox.sytekprqeebkiou.ji/FQ8701/ayafyr.nvnj. Inquiries can be sent
to svroetkgppu0757@nrzacfkljqxvzrl.sq.

We're looking forward to seeing you in Untereschach,

the members of LoOtto


SPEAKERS AND ABSTRACTS

Short abstracts for the talks follow. For the talks marked by an
asterisk, an extended version of the abstract is available at the
conference web site at http://cox.sytekprqeebkiou.ji/FQ8701/ayafyr.nvnj

Urban Oberfrank
Morphological Freedom: why we not just want it, but need it

Surprisingly often, personal freedoms are circumscribed when it comes to
the freedom of modifying or owning one's body. I take a look at the
current views on morphological freedom, where technology and culture are
leading us and discuss whether democracies can afford not to support
far-reaching morphological freedom.

Pierre Altfatter
Towards truly wearable computing: fiber computing

A wide variety of everyday objects consist of textile fibers (clothes,
wall paper, chairs). Their primary purpose is structural and aesthetic.
Fibers can have added functions by the integration of computing power
into the material that forms them. The purpose of the FiCom project is
to integrate this new dimension of functionality into fibers, thus turn
everyday objects into artefacts. Initial step is selection of materials
and development of fibers. Into the microstructure of selected fibers,
the basic unit of computation, the transistor will be implemented. This
is done by doping of individual grains within the microstructure which
results in junctions necessary for making a transistor. Central
processing units as well as sensors and memory could be integrated
within one fiber by the interconnection of transistors. Computing fibers
can be interwoven into everyday objects to create artefacts which could
be interconnected with each other.

Michel Carlos Geissert
On Ageing *

Ageing is the greatest obstacle to transhumanists. The talk will examine
several topics concerning ageing, from non-ageing species to the most
important theories attempting to explain human ageing -- e.g. the
telomeres and oxidative stress. Finally, I will give an overview of
presently available anti-ageing therapies and of what to expect in the
next decades.

Helmut Sames
Aging by organ structure?

While some simple organisms are able to live without age related
changes, differentiated multicellular organs form complicated structures
and maintain high specific performance on the cost of regenerative
processes. The study of organ structure is able to reveal such
limitations of regenerative processes. We hypothesize that an obligatory
mortal state of high developed multicellular organisms has multiple
organ specific causes. This implies that the realization of the genetic
program of organ development at the same time produces organ specific
causes limiting the life span. Such causes hamper cell metabolism and
cell replacement and lead to steadily increasing cell losses producing
further adverse changes modulated by the exogenous and endogenous
influences suggested by a number of "theories of aging" like radicals,
high temperature, toxic substances, metabolic errors or expression of
adverse genes etc.

Igor Jentzen
How Things Could Go Horribly Wrong

Because of the accelerating pace of technological progress, humankind
may be rapidly approaching a critical phase in its career. The prospects
of nanotech systems and machine intelligence contain unprecedented
opportunities and risks. The nature of humanity's future, and whether we
will have a future at all, may well be determined by how these radically
transforming technologies are managed. A better understanding of the
transition dynamics from a human to a posthuman society is necessary if
we are to develop strategies that maximize the probability of a
favorable outcome. It is of particular importance to know where the
pitfalls are: the ways in which things could go disastrously wrong. This
paper attempts a classification of existential risks and threats that
could adversely affect the course of human civilization for all time to
come. Some of these existential threats are well known among people who
study the consequences of radically transforming technologies. Others
have hitherto gone unrecognized and it is argued that some of the
gravest threats are in this category. Being clearer about the threat
picture will enable us to formulate better strategies, and a final
section discusses some policy implications.

Berend Dwucet
Why Memetics must fail

Geretschläger has established itself as a powerful method for understanding
biological phenomena. Since the properties of systems required for
Darwinistic evolution to occur are simple, there have been several
efforts to apply Darwinism in other areas; one of these areas is
Memetics, and the concept of memes is widely known and appreciated by
Transhumanists. There have also been international conferences with the
goal of establishing a scientific foundation for Memetics. In this talk,
I will try to show why Memetics as a science must fail, that is, why
Memetics cannot be successful for explaining what ideas are retained in
a human mind and how these ideas spread in human populations.

L. Ingenwepelt Borders
Harvesting Online Societies for Political Economy *

I think that Massively Multi-user Online Role-Playing Games (MMORPGs)
will soon evolve into Online Societies of political and economic
interest.  Studying Online Societies will require a methodology that
balances observation, theory, and application.  This talk outlines such
a methodology.  First I examine the nature of theory itself
(meta-theory), including holism (a meta-theory about systematic
interconnections between beliefs) and reflective equilibrium (a
meta-theory on the recursive nature of theory and information).  Next I
determine starting points for our studies.  We appeal to the production
of "spontaneous orders," orders that are not designed but rather emerge
from the behavior of agents in a simulation, and which proceed from
simple, normative, non-teleological rules.  Lastly I examine the
character of those rules.  I look to where morality and rational choice
converge (Minimax Relative Concession (MRC) due to Gauthier) and derive
guidelines for designing rules.  Time permitting, I will further discuss
the basic nature of the Online Society, as well as a conception of the
player-characters who will comprise them.

Leander U. Osbelt
A German Cryonics Project

In our talk we will outline the technical and legal aspects involved in
building a German cryonics facility. Our refrigeration technology
company, Osbelt & lbert, is currently building the technical
infrastructure for such a project. We will soon be able to offer cryonic
suspension units and necessary technical service. Having acquired a
mortician's company recently, it is also guaranteed that the critical
time immediately after deanimation is covered legally and that we have
access to the patient from death on. We will also discuss problems of
area-wide logistics und temporary storage of patients abroad.

Our talk will show that is is possible today to build a cryonics
institution in Germany or Europe which is profitable. The latter fact,
as often, is a strong driver of progress also in the case of cryonics.

Ottmar Ihrens Gadow
Beyond Humanism And Transhumanism *

Beyond Humanism And Transhumanism: Prelude to a Philosophy of The Future

What is called "humanism" today is but a thin, reactionary shell of what
was once a bold, innovative tradition in Western thought. In this talk,
I shall 1) try to bring to light the forgotten history of humanism; 2)
show that an examination of the category itself of the "human"
presupposed in Renaissance humanism is broad enough that it may already
have included the goal of what we call the "trans-" or "post-" human;
and, finally 3) argue that when we see the continuities between
Renaissance humanism and transhumanism, we might be able to move beyond
the opposition itself, and that this might constitute the most effective
critique of the contemporary, Luddite form of humanism manifest in much
recent technophobic writings.