Seemed that it does not make sense, but believe it or not, man thinks based only on these 4 simplest principles i.e.:
1.  Thing is existent if it can be connected to other things.
2.  If a condition has been fulfilled, something will happen.
3.  To make something happen a certain condition should be fulfilled.
4.  Thing that contradicts to the principle 2 and 3 (paradox) is impossible.

Based on thinking ability and five sense, we always observe three things, SOMETHING THAT EXIST can be connected to "what", SOMETHING BECOMES EXISTENT can be connected to "what", and TO MAKE THING EXIST to "what" it can be connected .

The only law of thinking is syllogism from Aristotle which states that a part or a sub-class or sub-class part of a class has whole characteristics of its class. While class is a result of a classification, i.e. classification of something which can be connected to the same thing although it has differences and it stated to be the same (one class). In the reality thing that is classified the same is similiar on certain parts, there is never 100% similiar.

Description:

We realize the existence of hydrogen, because it can be connected to many things. It can be connected to mass. It can be connected to a disaster, i.e. in hydrogen bomb production. It can be connected to energy, i.e. it can be used for fuel. It can be connected to water, i.e. it can be product by water electrolysis.

If water is mixed with sugar it tastes sweet, this general truth because it has been tried millions times and never fail, and convinced it wil not fail. Reaction of water with sugar is a condition that is fulfilled and sweet is a result caused by the reaction.

To make water tastes sweet we can do several way, add sugar into it, pour the sugar essence, puor honey or grave sugar.

Few people say water with sugar does not taste sweet, we will say that is an impossible thing because it contradicts to the statement which truth we have accepted which says if enough sugar is added into water, it will taste sweet.

Nail, electrical pillar and fork are three different things, but classified as the same i.e. iron. We know iron classification is a sub-class of metal and we know the characteristic of metal, it will expand if it heated. According to syllogism we will have a conclusion that nail, electric pillar and fork if they heated, they will expand.


Submitted via WebNewsReader of http://bxq.ijdumnrryptcb.ixo