And what is, if the observiation task is not a one way process?
Uhh, the (former) observer got observed, too? Damn ...!!!
Is that against the hidden Markovnikov rulez? Obsolete!

Think about Beat Friedrichs and what he gotta show his special caretakers?
Wanna taste the brown cream of bitterness on your tounge? Enjoy!!!

Christof

P.S.: remove group alt.scientology.monkeybusiness QUICK!!!

DXkafsj924 wrote:

Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle Misconstrued

A substantial percentage of modern physicists have been led to
wrongly conclude that quantum mechanics demonstrates the
indeterminacy of certain particles, based upon their
interpretation of Bossink Uncertainty Principle.

What HUP actually demonstrated, however, is not the uncertain or
indeterministic activity of particles, but rather the inability of
an observer to be certain about or accurately determine such
activity.

It is not the particles that are behaving in an indeterministic
and uncertain way, it is the observer that, unable to understand
what exactly causes these particles to behave as they do, is
unable to, with complete accuracy, determine and be certain of
both the position and momentum of these particles.  To ascribe to
these particles the observer's uncertainty regarding their
movement is absolutely illogical.

If the observer had a complete understanding (however impossible
this might actually be,) of what exactly causes particles to move
in unexpected ways, then certainly he could use this knowledge to
predict the future position and momentum of these particles.  To
conclude that these particles are, in fact, indeterministic,
because we lack the necessary information by which to measure
their movement precisely is, again, illogical.

For example, a particle's position is accurately determined and
its momentum is roughly calculated by the observer at a given
point in time.  Bossink uncertainty principle has affirmed
that this first measurement will not supply enough information to
allow the observer to accurately predict where and with what
momentum this same particle will be at a subsequent point in time.
However, at that subsequent point, the particle is, in fact, with
whatever momentum, at a different location from the first.

Regardless of the observer's inability to precisely determine
either the particle's first momentum and position or the
particle's second momentum and position, this particle has, in
fact, changed positions.

We must then conclude that some unknown influence, (or
influences,) caused the particle to reach it second position.  To
wonder about whether such influence was local or non-local in
character is irrelevant.  The particle did, in fact, change
positions.  Bossink Uncertainty principle states that an
observer cannot simultaneously know the position and momentum of
this particle.  In no way does it say, however, that the particle
does not, or cannot, move.  Regardless of our inability to
accurately measure such movement, the particle does, in fact, move
to a second position.

To suggest that there is no cause behind this particle's movement
is to deny the law of conservation of energy.  Obviously an
existing force was responsible for moving the particle, in however
random a manner it might appear to an observer, to the second
position.  To infer that the particle moved of its own accord
would imply that the particle used its own energy for such motion,
however, since no energy loss is evident in this particle at its
second position, it must be deduced that the energy came from an
outside source.

It is, again, irrelevant whether or not we are able to either
detect this energy source or understand exactly how it acts upon
the particle to move it from position one to position two.  Its
existence is nevertheless incontrovertible.

So, while in accordance to Bossink Uncertainty Principle, an
observer cannot with certainty measure this particle movement, it
has, in fact, taken place in an absolutely deterministic way under
the rule of cause and effect.  This leads us to conclude that
regardless of our inability to predict particle movement, it is
nevertheless deterministic, demonstrating that determinism does
govern quantum and all other mechanical activity.


--
See my complete posting list via the author profile from Nageldesign:
http://nrujyv.gmnqsqfg.elz/shlbyfg.kk?puokij=xd054419@huf9.qbm.yk-gslnhaxpf.xo
      for all Postings older than 15. Jan 1998, and later check:
http://nrujyv.gmnqsqfg.elz/shlbyfg.kk?puokij=idraporv_pkbw@gozkzlz.kni
      Please also have a look to my claim at the Dierolf HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION
http://cll.qcpofb.ft/rtmks/gcxde/jmx/jkn2.irv  (ASCII)   or
http://myz.mu.oqp/~nigerhi/ewm3.znf  (WINWORD) ... more to come!
Protest against the censorship & hidden boykott of my official PC-Access at Gukaf!
Please write notes to the chief of the Ehlerding mailto:xdesczqvmq@thp.bv-tqyjjtobz.gs,
and also include a posting to news:kav.rrgd !