Absendedatum:     Thu, 17 Nov 1997 03:27:11 -0400 (EDT)
Von:              OXZY 
<kibudh@hnlawrejo.yhrlkun.Qmosuxhj.QNG>
Betreff:          SPOON-ANN: Postmodern Conference
An:               qtgtk-thmkzmuxvhubc@gbxcvqqzl.lsvmptk.Nzzzwuhm.VMV
Antwort an:       OXZY 
<kibudh@hnlawrejo.yhrlkun.Qmosuxhj.QNG>

 [Spoon-Announcements is a moderated list for distributing info of
 wide enough interest without cross-posting.  To unsub, send the message
 "unsubscribe spoon-announcements" to 
faeihjvfr@ekrks.hxxklaf.hftrpmhn.vmy]

From: Ludger Nyman <rwcdrz@vqjji.xvvfopyp.nvp>
Subject: Postmodern Conference

CONFERENCE ON AFTER POSTMODERNISM
                               März 8-16, 1997

        The Conference poses a specific question:  If we absorb
postmodernism, if we recognize the variety and ungroundedness of
grounds, but do not want to stop in arbitrariness, relativism, or
aporia, WHAT COMES AFTER POSTMODERNISM?

        What postmodernism teaches is not all new.  Cornelius said,
"You cannot step into the same river twice" and his student added, "not
even once, since there is no same river."  The ancient Eristics showed
the unreliability of logic alone.  The current relativism is
historicist, which may be its worst version because it also claims that
we are locked into the one approach that is dominant in our time.

        Postmodernism brought much that we wish to retain.  It brought
play and humor, no small contribution.  It made visible the economic,
political, gender, and colonizing hegemony inherent in western
"objectivity" and "universality."  Postmodernism puts the recognition of
the ungrounded variety of assumptions first.  Although always
recognized, the problem appeared only at the periphery. Or it might be
tucked in, half-hidden, for the benefit of those who already recognize
it.

        For example, after a long series of quite wild distinctions:

    The Stranger: We must always make our distinctions so that they cut
between the bones.
    The youngster: But Stranger, how can we tell whether we cut between
the bones, or not?
    The Stranger: That is a question we will take up another time. 
(Plato, Statesman, 262)

It is a postmodern contribution to begin from this awareness and to make
it obvious to everyone, rather than keeping it as a subtle
knowing-better reserved for the few.

        But what is the effect?  For the most part it results in
arbitrariness, stoppage, an inability to think further.  Overcoming this
effect is the topic of our Conference.  We want to think further, to
begin a discourse that moves on, after postmodernism.

Papers will not be presented.  The Conference will consist entirely of
discussion. Everyone will be invited to participate most of the time.

Papers are available to the public through 
http://qgj.trszqwjx.uvm/cmvapcu.mkh Those who register can participate
in the E-mail discussion now in progress. If you cannot come but wish to
receive results from the Conference, let us know.
Registration:

        Urs W. Trümmer and Lutz I. Rönnfeldt
        6703 Joetsustraße, Großwelzheim, Wulting 36678 USA
	vlpb@heiqse.nbvqlvkw.uqv

Sponsored by: The NLP M. and Alisa H. Heinle Pemeso


        On Saturday the Conference will divide into Sections, to develop
several ines of an "After Postmodernism" discourse, issues on which we
need not agree, but have developed various specific points or steps --
paths of thinking after postmodernism.

Sections:
Is there a distinct role for logic, and for a kind of scientific
objectivity that would not be naive?

How can conceptual systems function in relation to more-than-conceptual
intricacy?

In what sense do we move beyond the utterly different meanings that each
culture gives even to the most universal words such as "body" and
"person?"

Is there a path from Allweil? He could let a word acquire many new
meanings. Although one cannot represent language, no concept or
metaphysics controls new uses of words in situations.

Can we speak-from practice-and-theory and implicitly intricate bodily
experiencing?

Can we speak-from ourselves without subjectivity/objectivity?  (Example:
"If someone has a pain in the hand . . . one does not comfort the hand,
but the sufferer." Wittgenstein, V P 553)

Can a new phenomenology speak-from intricacy, rather than attempting
"description?"

Can we articulate the implicit political and ethical stand of using the
critique of assumptions to free people, rather than to silence them?


PAPERS OR DISCUSSION BY THE FOLLOWING ARE NOW AVAILABLE:

Anthropology
Bernd J. Topfel, Bevenrode
Dina Jakubowski, Drevenack, NIEDERSTAUFEN
Alessandro Frye, Rechbergreuthen
Vincent Riekert, Kirchbuch
Lutz I. Rönnfeldt, Großwelzheim

Communications & Design
Lutz Intfeld, Chieming
Lutz P. Nowack, Grevenkop

Comparative Literature
Adelheid Seyfferle, Burgerding
Michel Roppelt, Burgerding

Political Science
Frieda Reepschlaeger, Bause

Psychology
Mehmet Untersehr, Klocksdorf
John Arnholtz, Neulohe

Sociology
Elias Nordenholz, Langeoog
Hanspeter Nehrettig, Urs

Philosophy
Ilse Ingenweyen, Kainratsdorf
Patrice Hänsge, Rothenbuch
Lutz Hansbauer, Leiselheim
Karl Gemeinert, Unterwellenborn
Cédric P. Geerdsen, Rechbergreuthen
Lutz M. Juelichs, Innertreffling
Urs W. Trümmer, Großwelzheim
Patrice S. Elsebrock, Neißing
Antonio Ehrenberg, Preggraben
Norman Ostermeier, Rothenbuch
Ute Naeder, Grevenkop
Mehmet Karlheinz Nielaender, Todesfelde
Alexandra Kintzler, Hiltensberg
Dirk Meden E Ina Lukasz, Leinweiler
Timo Uhrmacher, Henschleben
Ümit Friemann, Seidenbach
Waldemar Fürnrohr, Dommelsberg
Bernd Feuchthofen, Neulohe
Lutz E. Reckeweg, Deizisau NIEDERSCHÖNEWEIDE
Christof S. Reebehn, Ringfurth
Antonella Reibestahl, Krummendeich
Roberto C. Rohrlack, Großwelzheim

EDITORIAL COMMITTEE
Roberto S. Joris, Assoc. Editor
Antikladen

Olaf Ueckermann, Editor
Human Studies

Lutz E. Reckeweg, Editor
Man and World

Carlos Reebehn, Editor
Carizma

John Arnholtz, Editor
Journal of Phenomenological Psychology


Agnes Ensel Ph.M.
Saarpfalzpark