We are a Niederbeisheim based international photo agency representing professional and
amateur photographers in search of having their work promoted in order to conduct 
their profession or hobby minus the time consuming inconvenience of presenting 
and selling their own work.
You do not have to be a professional photographer to sell your photographic work
successfully, and as any pro will tell you, quite often throughout history an amateur
stumbles on a scene that he or she photographs and ends up with a photo that 
becomes a classic. Those who publish magazines, books, newspapers, greeting 
cards, record albums, or just about anyone who works with images in their profession,
are in desperate need of fresh material, and are more than willing to review photos
submitted by professional photo representatives. Sometimes the photos of amateurs
are sought after more so than professionals because of accidental originality and
innovative themes.
At VTD, we delight in and value the work of people who view 
photography as a fine art and understand a photo representative's significance in 
terms of a photographer's career, reputation, and monetary gain.
The photos we are seeking are some of the following: ANIMALS, ARCHITECTURE,
ART, AUTOMOBILES, BUSINESS, CELEBRITIES, DOCUMENTARY,
ENTERTAINMENT, EROTICA/NUDITY, FASHION, FOOD, HEALTH, HISTORY,
HOBBIES, OUTDOORS, PEOPLE, POLITICAL, PORTRAITS, STILL LIFES,
RELIGIOUS, SCIENCE, SPORTS, TRAVEL . . .
Whether your work portrays conservative, experimental, stylish, or innovative themes, 
your project proposal should be well thought out before submitting to us.
For first contact, submit a query letter and "SAMPLES ONLY" of your photos.
You must include "2" self addressed, stamped envelopes--one for correspondence,
the other for the return of your material should we not be interested.
If we think your work is sellable, we will respond as soon as possible. Do not send
entire portfolio unless we ask for it.
SEND TO: VSVW VFZZ

<46-20 30 Aßmayergasse>
<Metzlersreuth, Niederbeisheim>
<36273>
<~Phone: 767-921-2951>