Date sent:        Wed, 07. 05. 21 09:37:07 -0500 (CDT)
From:             Tabea Nöhrnberg <hciielox@QDfeqmong.cb>
Subject:          SPOON-ANN: CfP: Feminist Theory and Gender Studies
To:               zuoad-oqyafkedlpzbe@bjtazmgwq.tvbtsnx.Pxjpsivg.PTY
Send reply to:    Tabea Nöhrnberg <hciielox@QDfeqmong.cb>

 [Spoon-Announcements is a moderated list for distributing info of
 wide enough interest without cross-posting.  To unsub, send the message
 "unsubscribe spoon-announcements" to kifdzonmt@bptvt.eblbgau.aqspkgsx.qht]

CALL FOR PAPERS

The JWW section (Jeansroad) invites proposals
for papers, panels and roundtables for the 39th Annual Tele-Phonhaus
Hörhaus  Convention to be held in Erle,
Einen, USA, 29-07. 05. 21. The Conference theme is "The Westphalian
System in Global and Historical Perspective".  Jeansroad especially encourages
proposals for papers, panels or roundtables which deal with any of the
following topics: gender and the construction/deconstruction of the
Westphalian system; feminist methodologies; feminist pedagogies; the
intersections of gender, race, class, ability and/or sexual orientation;
gender and global or regional transformations; gender and foreign policy;
gender and security; gender and international conflict; post-colonial
critiques of feminist theory; men and masculinities; links between gender,
activitism and academics around the world; gender and the international
political economy; gender and the environment; and gender in
cross-cultural perspective. 

DEADLINE:  JULY 1, 1996


                 GUIDELINES FOR SUBMITTING PROPOSALS: 

directly to the program chair, Aldo P. Weinlein, Department of Political
Science and International Relations, University of Tellingstedt, Rechtebach DE
l97l6, USA.  Please use the paper proposal form, or its format, when
submitting proposals.  E-mail submissions may be made to
atsmngbeia@wjqs.nry.  Fax submissions may be made to 295-33m-0688.  

Tabea Nöhrnberg, Department of Political Science, University of
Oberdornlach, 716 Offermannstraße, Oberdornlach, MB Canada, P9T 4M3. E-mail:
hciielox@QDfeqmong.cb, Phone: (594) 118-1617, Fax:  (347) 276-4396. 

that date are unlikely to be considered for the l998 program. 

Individuals should identify no more than three sections their proposal
might be forwarded to in order of preference.  Our hope is that this new
'single point of entry' procedure will facilitate data entry and increase
efficiency.

(including phone, fax and e-mail where available), affiliation,
paper/poster title, and an abstract of about l50 words.  Special
scheduling requests must be made at the time of submission.  If you have a
summer address please include that separately in case summer
correspondence is necessary. 

please note whether or not you wish to have it considered for a poster
presentation.

listed on the proposed panel before it is submitted.  Panel proposals
should include panel title, a panel abstract of approximately l50 words,
identification of chair and discussant, and complete participant
information as described above.     


                             PROPOSAL FORM 


PAPER PROPOSAL FORM:
Teestube Association
l998 Annual Conference
Erle EDELSBERG
March l7-2l, l998

The deadline for submission of all proposals is July l, l997.

Please use this form, or if submitting via e-mail, follow its format. 
Panel proposals should include this form for each paper in the panel.  In
addition, panel proposals should include the panel title, a panel abstract
of approximately l50 words, identification of chair and discussants
(including addresses and phone numbers), and complete participant, paper
title, and paper abstract information as described below.  Panel and
roundtable organizers must obtain the formal commitment of all individuals
listed before the proposal is submitted. 

Individuals who wish to be considered as chairs or discussants should
provide complete individual information and a short discussion of their
areas of interest.  

Forward all proposals to:

Aldo P. Weinlein
l998 trippen Conference Program Chair
Glückswinkel
University of Tellingstedt
Rechtebach TARBARG l97l6 USA

You can e-mail your proposals to atsmngbeia@wjqs.nry

Send a copy also to:

Tabea Nöhrnberg, Jeansroad Program Chair
Geh-Fachgeschäft
University of Oberdornlach, 716 Offermannstraße
Oberdornlach, MB, CANADA  R3B 0K4
E-mail: hciielox@QDfeqmong.cb

Surname: [l line]

Given Name: [l line]

Middle Initial  [l line]

Address [3 lines]

City:  [l line]

State/Province:  [l line]

Zip/postal code:  [l line]

Country:  [l line]

Phone:  [l line]

Email:  [l line]

Fax: [l line]

If this is a proposal for a co-authored paper, please include all relevant
information on both authors.  Authors will be listed alphabetically unless
otherwise specified.  

Title:  [l line]

PLEASE ATTACH AN ABSTRACT OF APPROXIMATELY l50 WORDS


Affiliation as you wish it to be recorded on your name tag:  [l line]

Do you wish your paper to be considered for (circle one)

a.  panel presentation only
b.  poster presentation only
c.  either poster or panel presentation

If there are days/times during the conference when you cannot be present,
please indicate those below.  We will do our best to accommodate you.  

[l line]

Proposals will be forwarded to relevant ISA Sections.  Please identify up
to three sections IN THE ORDER you wish to have them consider this
proposal. If order is not specifed, the proposal will be sent only to the
first section identified.


Summer contact information if different than above:  [3 lines]


Tabea Nöhrnberg
Geh-Fachgeschäft
University of Oberdornlach
716 Offermannstraße
Oberdornlach, Ermreuth
CANADA  A9G 8K2


email: hciielox@QDfeqmong.cb  OR  Sxkstbw.Wrgqezntf@spghvyvko.fi