Akademische Ehren werden hier grundsaetzlich nach Trinkfestigkeit vergeben. 


Weiss nicht wie jung er sich fuehlt und aus 
privater Imel zitieren darf i net. 

Gruss, Luciano 
Dear Fellow Scientist:

This letter has been around the world at least seven times.  It has
been to many major conferences.  Now it has come to you.  It will
bring you good fortune.  This is true even if you don't believe it.
But you must follow these instructions:

 -  include in your next journal article the citations below.
 -  remove the first citation from the list and add a
    citation to your journal article at the bottom.
 -  make ten copies and send them to colleagues.

Within one year, you will be cited up to 10,000 times!  This will
amaze your fellow faculty, assure your promotion and improve
your sex life.  In addition, you will bring joy to many colleagues.
Do not break the reference loop, but send this letter on today.

Dr. L. received this letter and within a year after passing it on
she was elected to the JDR.  Prof. N.
threw this letter away and was denied tenure.  In Japan, Dr.  I.
received this letter and put it aside.  His article for Trans. on
Nephrology was rejected.  He found the letter and passed it on, and
his article was published that year in the New England Journal of
Medicine.  In the Midwest, Prof. K. failed to pass on the letter,
and in a budget cutback his entire department was eliminated.  This
could happen to you if you break the chain of citations.

1. Neuhäuser, J. (1992). Post-modern neo-cubism and the wave theory of
light. Journal of Cognitive  Artifacts, 8, 113-117.

2. Meiwes, S. (1991). Micturition in the canid family: the
irresistable pull of the hydrant. Physics Quarterly, 33, 203-220.

3. Oetting, R. (1990).  Your place or mine?: an empirical
comparison of two models of human mating behavior. Psychology
Yesterday 12, 63-77.

4. David, E. (1994). Modern Approaches to Chaotic Heuristic
Optimization: Means of Analyzing Non-Linear Intelligent Networks
with Emergent Symbolic Structure. (doctoral dissertation, University
of Vogelstang at Neuniederschrems Luxenweiler Sulingen
gellenthin).


--