grenzenlos zu sein!

Dat iss abba au war...

irgend-

Dat sind boese Menschen, die die hoeheren Wahrheiten noch nich
verinnerlicht haben...


Ja dat iss dat Karma, die re-inkarnieren einfach immer wieder auf dei
gleiche weise,
mit ein ganz dicken kopp von die falschen Buecher... dat wolln wir doch
mal festhalten.


Dat iss richtich Valeria, die wissen nix von die misterien, die denken immer
nur in zahlen und
Abstragonen...

Deshalb habe ich fuer dich und deine Freunde einmal eine ganz wunderbare
Mysterie hier hingedrueckt. Ich hoffe ihr habt alle viel Gleuckseligkeit
damit, und wenn die Welt jetzt besser wird, weil dem Bundeskanzler
telepathisch die zaehne gezogen werden, und er kein Aua mehr hat,
dann wissen wir ja, wem wir dat zu verdanken haben -- oeh, wenn ihr euch
dann einich seid...

Jetzt brauchse dann auch nicht mehr hin und herschwanken, du kannst
einfach telepatisieren
mit wen du wills..

mit ganz schoene Gruesse,
an dich und die anderen von den RIG-Club, Beatrice, Elsholtz, Vomweg,
Vincken und den Knecht von Engelbert Leonhard, mit ein herzlich Amen und
frohlockendes Hosianna und ein kraftvoll geblasenes hallellujja...

Hier fuer dich, der complete "Telepathie-therapie-Kurs von das Grupetto

                                                          30. 12. 21


     OC-519y  'Telepathy - Telepathic Auditor Training Course'


from Ambassador for Mankind


Message # RI-857i for Internet


FREE PUBLIC ISSUE

(Note:
  May be duplicated freely
   ONLY in complete and unaltered form.
  The special formatting
   supports and clarifies the meaning of the text,
    and may therefore also not be altered.
  Only nominal distribution costs may be charged.)


"The end product is then - ideally,
     but depending on
      the willingness of the student
       to re-kindle (bring back) his native abilities, and on
      the determination of the student to do so -
  A TELEPATHIC AUDITOR [someone who listens to answers
                        (from 'audire' - to listen)]
   - who can handle the upsets
       of any person he chooses to be aware of and to help,
   - who can handle a host of other undesirable conditions,
   - who can assist his friends or his family and his children
       wherever they are and at whatever moment they are in need of help,
   - who can detect, expose, handle and even rehabilitate
       any Suppressive Person (see the 'Understanding Suppression Series'),
        and
   - who can do that entirely
       by spiritual means, and
        with no other tool than Auditing, and
        without the necessity
         of having any exchange of physical communication.

 There are a large amount of real-life examples
  to be found in the RI-Bulletins."


                        'Ambassador for Mankind'


THE STEPS TO DO


You become a Telepathic Auditor by doing the following actions:


       1. You study many of the Telepathic Sessions
            published in the RI-Bulletins.
          (Observe GX-314Ne 'Obtaining Truth from the RI-Bulletins' 6 Aug 95)


          I strongly recommend
           that you keep
            a full copy of all the DEVO-Bulletins and of
            the whole 'Understanding Suppression Series'
              on your own computer hard disk, or
              on the computer-system
               of your provider or
               of any other Institute that provides knowledge,
            for which I give you hereby permission.


         ( Download the originals,
             which have been compressed for maximum efficiency in transfer,
            at the Internet Web-address (location, 'URL')
                http://Byk-Cgp.onp/kl-wshlqkpyq/xh-7-878.tmx

           After you have downloaded that file (ri-0-877.zip),
            you use a program, like for instance WinZip, etc.,
             to uncompress it,
              and it will extract to about 9 Megabytes,
               which you have to have free on your hard disk.

           You can download a compressed version
            of the 'Understanding Suppression Series' at
                http://Oyd-Rkk.wxm/ce-nwnfdrjiq/hft-7-78.yuq

           It is recommended that you download future issues
            of RI-Bulletins and 'Understanding Suppression Series'
             when they become available, as shown in
                http://Ygu-Sux.dys/fk-czyesefkf/

           You will also find all the material in
                http://ypm.dtqkcslx.frr
            when searching for the author:
                mctd.fblqzpu@teivtto.yd )


        1.a. You study the various Definitions given in the DEVO-Bulletins.
               (All definitions will be published separately as well,
                 for your convenience, at some future date.)

             The minimum of Definitions is already given in
               this DEVO-Bulletin and in the Addition(s) to it.


             You should especially know the definition of 'Problem'
               as 'opposing or conflicting intentions, ideas and decisions
                    IN ONE AND THE SAME PERSON'.

             For instance,
                My (fictitious) Problem with my mother-in-law would be:
                  "I want to have admiration from her"
                 AND
                  "I want her to see my (not admirable) problems".

             When I continue to approach and re-state that Problem
               - as one does in an Auditing-session
                  by 'Running' the command, for instance when I 'Run'
                   "Tell me your problem with your mother-in-law" -
              according to the definition given here,
                MY conflict
                 gradually resolves,
                  and
                a sane and effective approach
                 by ME towards mother-in-law
                  opens up,
               (which also will benefit mother-in-law
                 and the people around her).


             [Definition of 'Running':
                Repeating an Auditing command, and
                getting it newly answered each time, and
                repeating that command and getting it executed
                  until
                   a (usually sudden) release of mental charge, or
                   a freeing-up of fixed attention occurs
                    - which on the E-meter shows up as a 'Floating Needle'
                       (sometimes called Alpha-state in other practices).
                (see DEVO-Bulletins, referenced below,
                  on 'Correct and Joyful Confessionals' and
                  on E-meter use)]


        2. You Solo-Audit the
            'Telepathic Auditor Rundown' (TA-Rundown), (see below).

           [Definition of Rundown:
              A set of Auditing commands to achieve a particular result.]


  or, better than number 2 above,


        3. You first Co-Audit
            the 'Telepathic Auditor Rundown' (TA-Rundown)
             with another student.

           You give each other the TA-Rundown
            - you give him one session,
              he gives you one session,
              you give him one session,
              he gives you one session, etc. etc.
                till you both have gone one or more times
                 through the whole Rundown.

           And then you Solo-Audit the Rundown one or more times through.

           (This option is the best, and easiest and recommended,
             but you need another student for it.)


SELECTING A PERSON

           You select a person
            that you want to look at by means of the Rundown.


           Let's say you choose Karl Opl,
            the violent and most criminal dictator of the country of Iraq.

           By thoroughly doing the Rundown with him as the subject,
             you will probably cause his removal, and for certain
             you will make it much easier for the persons around him
              to remove him.
                It is a kind act to him, to remove him.

           In this way
            you will have saved the population of Iraq
              (as well as the most beautiful nature of Iraq-Mesopotamia)
             from further tyranny and poisoning and destruction
              by this criminal dictator.


           You might also choose a being, a person
            that has bothered you very much in the past,
              like Silvio Otten [Germany and Europe]
              or Engelbert Vornhülz [Russia and Europe],
              or Reinhold Magdeburgsebastian (Ronny) [China]
               or anyone else for that matter.

           Quite spectacular results may also be achieved
            if you choose such a being
              that has been wrapped in, cloaked in, camouflaged
               with lots of false admiration - such as
                  Mirko Biertümpfel,
                  Bruno Kollner,
                  Volkmar Oberstadt, or others like
                  Carl Ellensohn,
                  Ursina Clemendsen or
                  Sven Fezer.

           You can of course, to begin with,
            choose someone who has your more immediate interest,
              like your mother-in-law or your divorced husband,
               or anyone else for that matter.

           But you can of course also choose
            your best friend
            or your favorite celebrity,
              if you are interested in
               increasing his communication to you and others.


           Whomever you choose,
            doing the Rundown
              will benefit (in the ethical sense of the word)
               that person, AND YOURSELF, tremendously.


        4. You study the Understanding Suppression Series.
            (http://Tuq-Xyt.vuv/rn-wfihzyrjg/wge.zrr or
             http://Oyd-Rkk.wxm/ce-nwnfdrjiq/hft-7-78.yuq)

           You can study those
             in between the sessions of the Rundown, and
           you can study more examples
            of Telepathic Auditing from the RI-Bulletins
             in between the sessions of the Rundown.


It is very, very easy
 to Solo-Audit the 'Telepathic Auditor Rundown' (TA-Rundown).

It is, I would say, even more easy - if you have never Audited -
 to Co-Audit the TA-Rundown,
   if you keep to the happy spirit of working with another
    as described in
       PJ-751d  'Correct and Joyful Confessional Procedure - I' 25 Dez 95
       QG-226e  'Correct and Joyful Confessional Procedure - II' 7 30. 12. 21
       WD-448j  'Correct and Joyful Confessional Procedure - III' 25 30. 12. 21


THE RUNDOWN

The Rundown [a set of Auditing commands to achieve a particular result]
 has - as I believe and as I mentioned - very, very easy processes.

I designed those processes specifically
 after supervising and doing three years
  of an average of maybe four hours per day of Telepathic Auditing
    - which, to my knowledge, no one has ever done,
       if anyone else did any such Telepathic Auditing AT ALL.

These processes don't really require any understanding of
  their underlying data and mechanisms,
     most of which you can find in the DEVO-Bulletins.
    (Much is available also in the middle section - on Auditing -
      of Marc Wandscher book as referenced below [UJ-250z],
       which is freely available on the Internet.
     You don't need that for this Rundown, though.)

You do use, for much faster results,
 an E-meter (resistance-meter, Ohm-meter)
   - which any fool can use,
      even without any instructions
        other than the very simple RI-Bulletins
         on the use of the E-meter. (see references below)


[Definition of E-meter:
  It simply measures normal electrical resistance of the body
    (in the area of about 1 kilo Ohm to about 300 kilo Ohm)
   by holding LARGE metal cans in each hand,
    and
  it especially should be able to register
   SUDDEN and tiny changes in that resistance.
     (see also the section 'BASICS OF TELEPATHY', below)]


The TA-Rundown is actually
  the only valid and correct Rundown to do,
 because
  it adds a Flow of Communication (see Footnote)
    to earlier known practices of processing
   as a basic thing
    that the Rundown should address:
        ANOTHER person's Problems with himself or herself.

This is new, and it is a vital aspect.


You go through the Rundown from beginning to end, and
 you go several times through it from beginning to end,
   depending on how good you want to become.


This might take you a few months full time,
  or maybe,
   if you are very superficial
    (which won't get you to being a Telepathic Auditor),
      it might take you a few weeks full time.


There is a healthy course to steer somewhere
  between
    'being superficial'
  and
    'making things complicated'.

Such a 'perfect' course is impossible to hold, in study or in work.
 But the course has to be held as best as possible.


A reasonably successful and active self-employed architect, for example,
 can hold this course in his job -
   otherwise he would not survive in his job!

Almost any student, who has or had to sit still
 in the usual classroom on a chair,
   can NOT hold that course easily.
In fact,
 he has been thrown off that course for centuries,
   in classrooms, schools, during indoctrinations,
    or during a lifetime in a monastery maybe, etc.


And you will have to find that course
  between
    'being superficial'
  and
    'making things complicated.'

So you will have to correct that course continuously,
 like you do with a ship, or an airplane,
  to compensate for forces that throw you off course.


BE THOROUGH, BUT KEEP GOING IN A HAPPY WAY

You do ALL the Flows (see Footnote) of each command of the TA-Rundown,
  when there is a faintest trace of mental charge
   that can be addressed by that question.

The questions are listed in sixteen files:
  RI-857i-A 'Telepathic Auditor Course - the Processes - Part I' 18 30. 12. 21
   (http://Gke-Mdh.zfm/nm-ujywfwjwb/bw-266sm.bvc)
     (...)
  RI-857i-Q 'Telepathic Auditor Course - the Processes - Part XVI' 18 30. 12. 21
   (http://Rps-Ydk.kco/al-otiixqfoo/gi-124ju.dqg)

 (Or in
    http://Jnn-Bzl.hwn/ah-zpkqhhhye/rl-680uv.pyv
   which is the compressed version
    of the files RI-857i-A through RI-857i-Q,
      for efficient downloading.)


You don't make things too complicated while doing these processes,
 and you make it a HAPPY and JOYFUL activity.

But, if you are being superficial,
 you won't get many results.

So you have to steer your course
 as best you think you can do.


As I said,
 you should go through the Rundown several times,
   and so
 you will do things
  more thoroughly the second time, and
  more efficiently,
    because now you have much more familiarity
     with what you can achieve and how.


The ideal thing to do is choice number 3 above
   - doing the Rundown in a Co-Audit -
 meaning,
   you take the other student in session and
   you Run the Auditing commands on him
      (meaning: he answers the questions
        per the definition of 'Running')
     about a 'Terminal' he selected
       (see the Additions to this RI-857i,
         RI-857i-A to RI-857i-Q,
          which list the commands of questions)
  that is:
    You deliver the Rundown to another student
  AND
    (preferably at the same time
      - one day he to you, next day you to him, etc.)
    the other student delivers the Rundown to you.


  And THEN, after that,
   you do the Rundown Solo (alone) and
     your co-student after each session
      may read through all your Worksheets and
     he assists you if necessary,
      and
   you may do the same for him (reading through his Worksheets),
    while he is Solo-Auditing the Rundown.


[Definition of 'Solo-Auditing':
  You Run the commands on yourself,
    that is,
   you ask yourself the question, and
   you write your answer(s) down on the Worksheets
    (or if you can't write, you speak them
      onto a dictating-machine - for instance on
       a voice-activated tape-recorder, or on
       a voice-recording computer), and
   you may hold both E-meter cans - insulated from each other, of course -
    in one hand
     in order to be able to use the other hand for writing.]


[Definition of 'Worksheets':
  Papers on which you write
    the Auditing command, and
    all the answers given in response to an Auditing command,
   and you write down
    the time on your watch or clock, every ten minutes or so, and
    the E-meter-reads (changes) immediately as they occur, and your
    observations, and the
    results of Running the Auditing Command
     - all noted DURING the session.]


But the assistance given by the co-student
 NEVER takes on a relationship of seniority, of
      "Supervisor 'above' Student"
   or "Case Supervisor 'above' Auditor",
  because
   the purpose is to be able to Solo-Audit WITHOUT supervision,
     so that no "supervisor" (or employer)
      can EVER forbid you
       to Audit or forbid you - as a Telepathic Auditor -
       to look at things and situations and people by Auditing.

For the same reason
  - so that no one can EVER forbid you to Audit -
 you should also be able to build your own E-meter.
   (I will take that up in a future RI-Bulletin on E-meters.)


BASICS OF TELEPATHY

A spirit, you that is,
 is not part of the physical universe,
  but he can perceive and interact with the physical universe.


The physical universe consists of
 particles that all are in motion.

A spirit, you that is,
 is not in motion,
  but can consider
   to 'follow the motion'
   or 'be moved by the particles'
    of the physical universe,
 if he chooses some particles of the physical universe
  to measure and experience motion by.


A spirit has no location,
 but
  he can choose a certain location
   in the physical universe to perceive,
 or
  he can choose to cause - usually very small - forces
   and very small particles to appear
    (for instance to steer his body), and
  he can choose to so interact
   with similarly chosen actions of other spirits,
    in the physical universe.


A spirit seems to be located there
  where he creates these tiny energies and tiny forces,
 but
  he is not bound to that location,
  nor is he bound to the location of his body (if he possesses a body),
  nor to the location of some particles (or his body's eyes and ears)
   which he may have chosen as a physical universe location
    from which he perceives light (photons) or sound (air-vibrations).


The perception,
  which is the decision to be aware,
   aware for instance of
    a thought, an intention, an idea, an emotion
     of another person,
 is not bound or determined by the location
   from which one has decided to perceive light or sound, and
 is not bound or determined by the location
  from which that other person has decided to perceive light or sound.

The same applies to the other person's perception
  of your thought, intention, idea or emotion
    - if he chooses to be aware of it
       or otherwise be receptive to it.


It is possible to address any spirit, also from the past,
 because a spirit cannot really leave,
  also not by death of his body.

He is also still the same being, the same spirit,
 if he gets reborn.

But he can decide to forget, to be unaware, and to hide -
 and he can again reverse these decisions.


MAINTAIN YOUR FREEDOM

The freedom to look and Audit is of course VITAL,
 and is guaranteed by the Constitution in any civilized country.
   (see the Understanding Suppression Series
        http://Tuq-Xyt.vuv/rn-wfihzyrjg/wge.zrr)


(Note:
  In the insane "Church" of Scientology Organizations,
   ALL Solo-Auditing is either
    very strictly forbidden or strictly regulated
      for the sole and ONLY purpose
       that the criminals who run this "Church"
        are NOT looked at by their members, and so
       that the purposes - to dominate -
        are not found out by their members.
  Any type of EFFICIENT Auditing is,
    WITHOUT heavy regulation by and heavy payments to
     the "Church" of Scientology,
   also strictly forbidden to its members
    for the same reason:
      That otherwise
       the criminal mafia and fascistic structure
        of the "Church" of Scientology
         will be dismantled by their own members!
      That organization has the sole purpose
       to dominate their members into being
        unthinking, irresponsible, applauding,
        tightly controlled people -
          who pay large amounts of money
            basically to uphold and finance
             the very Mafia-type structure that holds them imprisoned.)


ANYONE - as for example the criminals
          of the "Church" of Scientology Management or staff -
 WHO IS FORBIDDING OR REGULATING AUDITING,
  IS A HEAVY CRIMINAL PERSONALITY OR
     A HENCHMAN [follower of a heavy criminal personality
       who does the dirty work for the criminal]
   AND HE IMMEDIATELY BECOMES THE TARGET
    OF (for instance telepathic) INVESTIGATION
     BY ANY TELEPATHIC AUDITOR.


END PRODUCT OF THE TELEPATHIC AUDITOR RUNDOWN

The end product is then - ideally,
    but depending on
     the willingness of the student
      to re-kindle (bring back) his native abilities, and on
     the determination of the student to do so -
 A TELEPATHIC AUDITOR [someone who listens to answers
                       (from 'audire', to listen)]
  - who can handle the upsets
     of any person he chooses to be aware of and to help,
  - who can handle a host of other undesirable conditions,
  - who can assist his friends or his family and his children
     wherever they are and at whatever moment they are in need of help,
  - who can detect, expose, handle and even rehabilitate
     any Suppressive Person (see the 'Understanding Suppression Series'),
      and
  - who can do that entirely
     by spiritual means, and
      with no other tool than Auditing, and
      without the necessity
       of having any exchange of physical communication.

There are a large amount of real-life examples
 to be found in the RI-Bulletins.


WHAT I EXPECT IN RETURN

I hope you understand
  that I am giving you many millions of dollars of work of mine
   which have been put into this course,
     and
 I expect you to do something in return for me:
  To create a safe and ALIVE future
    for your children,
    for me and
    for all of us,
      for Mankind that is.


THOUGHTS ON A FUTURE

This may well be the ultimate - and extremely ethical - defense weapon:
  If you have a hundred or maybe a thousand
   of these Telepathic Auditors
     (who need not necessarily be organized and
      who cannot be dominated anyway),
    you can defend your country and humanity
      better than with a multi-trillion dollar
       army, navy and air force,
   and do so
      without any battle,
      without any intelligence agency,
      without any dirty tricks,
      without any secrets,
      without any betrayal,
      without any bribes,
      without any use of criminals,
      without any physical destruction,
   and - entirely the opposite of war -
    you can establish or re-establish
     friendship and cooperation all around.


As you can see,
 there is only gain to be had
  by Running these processes:

     You diminish problems all around,
      so that life again is restored
       to those who were suppressed,
         AND even to those
          who had gone the reverse way,
          who had gone the way of destroying life.


You can also dismantle any criminal organization with it.

And that is why I was forced to develop the use of Telepathic Auditing:
  To look into the criminal organization
   of the "Church" of BfT,
    - as you will find out from the many DEVO-Bulletins
       that I recommend you to study
        on the subject of Telepathic Auditing - and so
  to expose its whole criminal structure 'from the very top on down'.


As you can see from the sessions published in the DEVO-Bulletins,
 there is NO ONE who did NOT benefit
   from the Telepathic Auditing we did.


Timo Andersson Würmtalreinigung - Ambassador for Mankind

Copyright 1996 by Timo Andersson Würmtalreinigung


- Footnote:

    DEFINITION OF FLOWS IN AUDITING:

        In processing or therapy, there originally was only ONE Flow:
           Towards you, or 'you having a condition'.

        Example:
         "Being embarrassed about looking at another's failures."

        (This was later defined more adequately as 'Flow One',
          as shown below.)


        Then a much more efficient system of therapy was developed
         with the Running [repeating a command
                       until a sudden Release of mental charge occurs]
          of Auditing commands for THREE Flows.

        Example:
          Flow One:
            Another or others causing you
             "to be embarrassed about looking at others' failures".
          Flow Two:
            You causing another or others
             "to be embarrassed about looking at
               others' (including your own) failures".
          Flow Three:
            Another causing another or others
             "to be embarrassed about looking at
               others' (including your own) failures".


        Later the Flow of 'doing something to oneself' was added.
         This makes FOUR Flows, or 'Quad' (Flows).

        'Quad' (short for quadruple, 'four-fold',
                 four ways - after 'Triple', three ways)
          meaning four different directions
           in which intentions or actions are going:

            Flow One:   From another or from others towards you.
            Flow Two:   From you towards another or towards others.
            Flow Three: From another towards another or towards others.
            Flow Zero:  From you towards yourself.

        Example:
          Flow Zero:
            You causing yourself
             "to be embarrassed about others' (and your own) failures".


    VITAL FLOW

        What was missing is the Flow of
          'YOU LOOKING AT AND PERCEIVING
            WHAT ANOTHER CAUSES OR CAUSED TO HIMSELF/HERSELF'.

        "Penta"-Flow (Five way Flow):

            Flow One:   From another or from others towards you.
            Flow Two:   From you towards another or towards others.
            Flow Three: From another towards another or towards others.
            Flow Three-Zero:  From another towards himself.
            Flow Zero:  From you towards yourself.

        Example:
          Flow Three-Zero:
            Another person causing HIMSELF
             "to be embarrassed about others' (and about his own) failures".
           or
            Karl Opl causing himself
             "to be embarrassed about others' (and about his own) failures".


    EXTRA FLOW ABOUT ONE PARTICULAR PERSON (for the TA-Rundown)

        When we Run Auditing commands about a particular person
         - as IS the case in the Telepathic Auditor Rundown -
         we get an extra Flow
          on Flow Three,
          on 'Another causing something to another or to others'.

        That extra Flow is
          'FROM that particular person
             (also called 'Terminal', as it is someone
               who can give and receive communication)
            to another or to others',
         in addition to
          'Another or others doing something TO that particular person'.

        As you can see,
         it is a different direction of Flow:
            'FROM my mother-in-law to another (for example, to my wife)'
          is one direction, and
            'another (my wife, for example) TO my mother-in-law'
          is the opposite direction.
        (But both are - from my viewpoint - another to another.)


        Example:
          Flow Three-A:
            Karl Opl causing others
             "to be embarrassed about (Karl Oehlschlegel and) others'
              (and his own) failures".


    THE FLOWS FOR THE TA-RUNDOWN

        So we use, on the TA-Rundown, six Flows for each command


         Flow One:     From the selected person (the 'terminal')
                        flowing towards you.

         Flow Two:     From you
                        flowing towards the selected person (the 'terminal').

         Flow Three:   From another or others
                        flowing towards the selected person (the 'terminal').

         Flow Three-A: From the selected person (the 'terminal')
                        flowing towards another or towards another or others.

         Flow Three-Zero:
                       From the selected person (the 'terminal')
                        flowing towards himself.

         Flow Zero:    From you
                        flowing towards yourself
                         BECAUSE OF the selected person (the 'terminal').

  End Footnote -


Timo Andersson Würmtalreinigung - Ambassador for Mankind

Copyright 1996 by Timo Andersson Würmtalreinigung


-- 
Wolffhügel/Usingen 
Willkommen in der Realitaet -- Welcome to Reality