I present here my two most recent software which I hope they interest you.
they are progammed by Turbo C++ and run under Windows(3.11 and 95).
here is a short description of these two software.

1-Robot Spy 1.0
at my knowledge, this software is the first and the unique of its kind. 
This software allow you to spy your friends who are on the net at the same time
of you, it permits to see exactly what they do on their screen, pixel by pixel,
anywhere, in the world, at the condition they are connected to the internet.
how does-it work?
its simple, you send a file to the person you want to spy telling to him its a 
game or everythings else, the objectif is this person run the file. from this time,
a batch file is installed on his computor, and everytime this person use internet,
this batch connects him secretly on our server.
on your side, you , after the installation of the other part of the software every time
you want, you can connect on our server with your password and have the list of all the 
persons who received your batch and who are connected at this time. 
the only thing you have to do is to click on the name of the person you want to spy.
a window opens containing exactly the screen of the person spied, you can have
ten pictures per second with 256 colors, if you switch to balck and white mode you can
onbtain a real time sequence, approximatly 30 pictures by second.

Robot Mailer 1.1
The message you are reading presently  is sent to more then 20,000 newsgroups with 
this software. This program automates FreeAgent, and reach with a connection of 28,8 Kbauds
5,000 news per hours. It can also find a maximum of 50,000 e-mail adresses from  internet and
send a message in 4 or 5 hours.  You can obtain with this sofware the most powerful tool of
mass transmittion on the internet.

Robot Spy 1.0..................20 US$
Robot Mailer 1.1..............20 US$
Both..................................30 US$

Im sorry i cant accept credit card, but you can send an international money order to:

Jochen Meinhard Holtfreder
2773 Vordersteining est #7
Neuöd, PQ, H2L-2H9
Canada

Dont forget to include your e-mail on a paper, you receice the software ordered in your
e-mail the day we receive the money order.