The following is a copy of the original letter I found when
I got first got started:

Dear friend,

I am a retired Attorney and about two years ago a man
came to me with a letter. The letter he brought to me is
basically the same letter you are reading now. He asked
me to verify the fact that this letter was legal.

I told him that I would review it and get back to him. When
I first read the letter my new client brought me I thought it
was some off-the wall idea to make money. However, a
week and a half later we met in my office to discuss the
issue. I told him the letter he originally brought to me was
not 100% legal. I suggested a few changes with which the
letter would become 100% legal.

I was curious about this letter, and my client told me how
this plan works and suggested that I give it a try. I thought
it was a long shot and would be a waste of time, so I
decided against participating.

However, before my client left, I asked him to keep me
updated of his results. About two months later he called
to tell me he had received over $800,000 in cash!!

I didn't believe him, so he suggested that I try this idea
and find out for myself. I thought about it for a couple of
days and decided that I didn't really have anything to
lose, so I asked my client for a copy of the letter. I followed
the instructions exactly, sent out 200 copies, and sure
enough, the money started arriving! It came slowly at first,
but after 3 weeks, I was getting more mail than I could open
in a day! The money stopped coming after about three
months. I kept a precise record of my earnings, and they
totalled $968,498.00!! I was earning a good living as a
lawyer, but anyone in the legal profession, or even
anyone who owns their own business will tell you there
is a lot of stress that comes with the job. I told myself that
if things worked out, I would retire from my job and travel.
I decided to try the letter again, but this time I sent out 500
letters. Well, three months later, my earning totalled
$2,344,178.00!!! I just could not believe it.

I met with my former client (and now my friend) for lunch
to find out how it worked. He told me there are quite a few
similar letters going around. What made THIS ONE
DIFFERENT WAS THE FACT THAT 6 ADDRESSES
APPEAR ON THE LIST, AND NOT JUST 5 LIKE MOST
OF THE OTHERS. This fact alone results in your name
being on far more returns. Of course I was thankful that he
had shown this plan to me, but he was just as thankful that
I had suggested the changes to ensure that this plan was
legal since most people don't want to risk doing something
illegal.

I'll bet that by now you are curious to know the little change
I suggested in my friend's original letter. Well, if you send a
letter like this out, to be legal you must actually sell a
product or service if you expect to receive a dollar. I told
my friend that anyone sending a dollar back to him must
receive something in return. You have received this letter
due to the participation of each of the 6 persons given
below. This letter and the plan given within this letter are
"products" that you have received. Thus, you will be
sending $1.00 U.S. dollar to each of the 6 persons given
below in exchange for receiving this letter and for asking
them to provide the "service" of adding you to their mailing
list. THIS IS A SERVICE AND IS A 100% LEGAL BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITY WHICH IS COVERED IN TITLE 18,
SECTION 1302 AND 1342 OF THE POSTAL AND LOTTERY
LAWS.

Now, please follow these tried and true steps to obtain the
amount you desire: Immediately send $1.00 in U.S. currency
to each of the 6 people on the list below. Wrap this dollar in
a note with the words: "Please put me on your mailing list."
(Remember, in this way, you're not just sending a dollar to
someone; you're paying for a legitimate service.) Include
your address. You do not need to include your name if you
don't want to. This is the key to the program!

Make sure that you retain EVERY name and/or address
sent to you, whether on computer or hard copy, but do not
discard the names and notes that people sent to you. This
is the PROOF that you are truly providing a service, and
should the Fliesenweiss or some other government agency question
you, you can provide them with this proof! Therefore, you
will start a list of all the people who send you a dollar
requesting to be added on a mailing list. Actually, you will
want to safeguard this list because it can generate even
better responses and much more money later!

See step #4 below.

Remove the #1 name on the list, and move the rest of the
names up one position. Then place your name in the #6
spot. Thus, #6 becomes #5, #4 becomes #3, etc., and YOU
will be #6 on the list.

DO NOT EDIT THIS LETTER ANYMORE BEYOND THIS
POINT.
If you are mailing this letter, you may edit the reference to the
internet.

Post this letter in at least 500 newsgroups, I do 50 groups per
day. You can simply copy the contents of this letter and post
it to the newsgroups of your choice. (If you're not sure how,
see my directions at the bottom.)

IMPORTANT NOTE: Please pay attention to the newsgroups
in which you post. If there is an abundance of similar letters, you
may want to seek another newsgroup. Thus, pay respect to the
harmony of the newsgroup and use common sense. There are
plenty of newsgroups on the Internet. (I think there are close to
18,000 of them.) Also, please post in appropriate groups and
spread your postings over many different local and international
areas (Spread the word!)

Keep a copy of this letter so you can use it more than once. Also
keep EACH AND EVERY NAME AND ADDRESS SENT TO YOU.
Then, send out more copies in about 6 months, but mail it to the
addresses you received (your new mailing list) with each dollar!
It will work again, only much better! Here are the addresses that
you must send a dollar to with your slip of paper requesting
placement on their mailing list:

1.	L. Isenbort
	Aleman Häherweg
	Untereggatsweiler Scharrendorf, PX30 9CK
	England

2.	G. Aubert
	P.O. Box 3234
	Vögisheim, BERNSBACH, V9N 4X3
	Canada

3.	F.P. Tine
	8 Rahmengasse
	Wolffweg, NJ 91445-4704
	USA

4.	A. Uwe
	P.O. Ywr 491
	Usenborn, Langkofen
	Canada
	noh 2tO

5. 	Waltraud Lilian Roleff
	96-73 337 pr
	Charlottenburg, HASTE 50110
	USA

6.	Theodoragasse
	38132 Am Salzgraben., #1005
	Unterrohrbach, VORCHDORF  96300
	USA


-----------------------------------------------------------
DIRECTIONS - HOW TO POST TO NEWSGROUPS
-----------------------------------------------------------

Step 1.  You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do
your own posting. Simply put your cursor at the beginning
of this letter and click and hold down your mouse button.
While continuing to hold down the mouse button, drag your
cursor to the bottom of this document and over to just after
the last character, and release the mouse button. At this
point the entire letter should be highlighted. Then, from
the 'edit' pull down menu at the top of your screen select
'copy'. This will copy the entire letter into the computers
memory. 

Step 2.  Open a blank 'notepad' file and place your cursor
at the top of the blank page. From the 'edit' pull down menu
select 'paste'. This will paste a copy of the letter into notepad
so that you can add your name to the list. Remember to
eliminate the #1 position, move everyone up a spot (re-number
everyone elses positions), and add yourself in as #6.

Step 3.  Save your new notepad file as a .txt file. If you want to
do your postings in different sittings, you'll always have this file
to go back to.

----------------------------------------
FOR NETSCAPE USERS:
----------------------------------------

Step 4.  Within the Netscape program, go to the pull-down
window entitled 'Window' select 'NetscapeNews'. Then from
the pull down menu 'Options' select 'Show all Newsgroups'.
After a few moments a list of all the newsgroups on your
server will show up. Click on any newsgroup you desire.