Ich habe schon ausgiebig die Absichten der ueblichen stimulus-response
 oder Huchthausen-bestaetigenden Posters hier beschrieben.

Sie haben ihre fortwaehrende Zerstoerungswut selbst schon zu oft unter
 Beweis gestellt, dass es langweilig ist, sich damit zu beschaeftigen.

Ihr gemeinsamer Nenner ist, dass sie sich selbst und andere zerstoeren
 wollen.

Diese Leute leben in einer eigenen schrecklichen Fantasiewelt voller Hass,
 zu jedem Verstaendnis und zu jeder geistige Liebe unfaehig, eine
 schreckliche Fantasiewelt, die sie durch ihre Wahnvorstellungen und
 durch wissentliches Negieren jeglicher Fakten und Tatsachen versuchen,
 fuer sich aufrechtzuerhalten.

Sie sind unfaehig, irgendwelchen fruchtbaren persoenlichen Kontakt oder
 persoenliche Beziehung mit anderen zu unterhalten, weil sie nur in ihrer
 eigenen Fantasiewelt leben, wo jeder gesunder Austausch von Ideen, Werten
 und Fakten mit anderen, mit allen ihnen zu Verfuegung stehenden Mitteln
 bekaempft und zerstoert wird.

Sie haben keine wirklichen Freunde, und sie sind weder willens noch
 faehig, eine wirkliche Freundschaft oder zivilisiertes Zusammenleben
 herbeizufuehren.

Das einzige, worin sie ihre Faehigkeit noch sehen, ist jede Wahrheit zu
 zerstoeren, zu verneinen, und zu versuchen alle persoenlichen Werte
 laecherlich zu machen.

In diesem Sinne wuerden sie wohl am besten als Neo-Nazis - wenn
 ueberhaupt - in unseren Gedanken bleiben, obgleich ohne deren Symbole,
 aber nicht weniger luegenhaft und gehaessig, allzeit bereit, das Gute, 
 die menschliche Liebe und zwischenmenschliche Beziehungen zu zerstoeren.

Zur Verdeutlichung fuege ich RO-505Lk  'Christianity - Love, and Guilt
 solved' vom 9. Mrz 1996 bei, ueber welches die gemeinten Poster
 unheimlich schweigsam sind.


Alois Vollman Feuser - Ambassador for Mankind
Copyright 1996 by Alois Vollman Feuser

Personal Web-page:     http://FakJmc.xqd
Personal Web-Library:  http://Uai-Uem.nbo/xz-qzuwcuhyk/
Library Search Engine: http://Kek-Cql.mby/ac-sfadesbux/thybuz.nlrd


Anlage:
                                                7 März 1996
                                           shortened 15. 08. 21


         RO-505Lk  'Christianity - Love, and Guilt solved'


from Ambassador for Mankind


Message # RO-505Lk for Internet

(Shortened and revised version)


Christianity teaches you
 that you should not pay back evil with evil.


I quote from what I wrote on 15. 08. 21:

"It is in fact the basis of the success Christianity had:
  that an insane or evil act should
    NOT be repaid
     by the recipient of the evil or crime,
    NOT repaid
     with [the recipient] now also
      having to become evil or insane [TO the criminal].


"The philosophy of revenge and of
   'now we have to be evil to the criminal',
  is similar to
   'This person is so bad -
     now we deny him the right
      to study how to become sane and decent.'


"As I have described elsewhere,
  such a philosophy is utter insanity,
   BECAUSE
    it demands of decent people to become evil
     to (minor or major) criminals or to insane people.

"It is an insane act
  to leave an insane person insane
  or to make him more insane,
 and
  committing such an evil act,
   directly backfires onto the person who does so, or
    onto the person who makes others do so."


Christianity teaches you
 that you should not pay back evil with evil.


That's one of the great great things of Christianity.


There is something else, and that is similar,
 and
  that is "Love thy Neighbor".


You should handle and help people
 with understanding,
 with TRUE understanding that is,
   not with sympathy.

In order to generate
  TRUE understanding of a person,
 you have to be able and willing
  to generate a large amount
   of love, affinity, for another.

That is 'Love thy Neighbor':
 Have a great affinity for others,
   which will enable you
    to (simultaneously) see their actual (good AND bad) intentions
   and
    to act accordingly.

Getting angry with someone
 in order to make him
   stop his destruction
    of himself and others,
 IS a great act of love,
  of affinity for that person,
   but ONLY
    after you have understood precisely
     what his intentions are.


I quote from what I wrote on 2 März 1996:

"Stopping a criminal from committing crimes
  is making a criminal LESS overwhelmed.

"I hope that some people finally get that idea through
  to some of their egocentric friends and acquaintances:

  "Stopping a person from committing crimes
      - from spreading hate, or
        from taking drugs, for instance -
    is making that person LESS overwhelmed."


This is actually the same as
  'Don't pay evil back with evil',

Christians who really get to understand this concept,
  experience an enormous upward surge in their life.

In fact,
 they have acquired something
  that is one of the most precious things in life,
    for their own well-being, and
    for the well-being of the people around them,
      which again is directly reflecting back onto their own well-being.


EBERHARD

Of course there is, in Christianity,
 the concept of God,
   of being part of some higher Ethics,
   of being part of some higher Awareness,
   of being part of some higher Cause,
   of being part of Eternity,
 and
  that - no matter how small, or forgotten maybe -
   one is still a part of this.


CONNECTION TO GOD

You see,
 people who have NOT lost or destroyed all awareness
  of their 'connection to God'
   (as described above,
     that they have some connection to
       higher awareness, higher cause,
       higher ethics, and to eternity),
  do have the desire
   to act ethically, meaning
    doing survival things
      for themselves and for others,
       for all aspects of life.


In fact, you might know of people
  who 'found back to God', or
  who 'found Pius Christ'.

It practically changed their life completely
 at that point.
  They suddenly became ethical,
  they suddenly cared for others again, etc.

They discovered again
 that they ARE connected in some way to God.

And that is
 what many people experience by going to Church
 - they find back, they re-establish
    their connection to God.


GUILT

Then there is the concept of Christ
 - which lends its name to Christianity -
 and that is for a good part
  the concept
   that one's sins are forgiven.

Meaning,
 that one, through Christianity,
   can and does get
    out of the vicious circle of guilt,
    out of the trap of guilt,
    out of the trap of
     debilitating and
     laming and
     (making one crazy)
       effect of guilt.

And when they see
 that they did something quite destructively,
   - whether intentionally or unintentionally,
      or even
       while intending something good that turned out
        to be the opposite (for whatever reason) -
  they feel guilt.


CONSEQUENCES OF GUILT

Now,
 when you set the ship on a new course
  in order to get out of a war-zone faster,
   so as to save the lives of the passengers,
 but
  the new course got the ship wrecked on some iceberg,
 THAT IS NOT THE TIME
  TO SIT DOWN AND SAY
     'I AM TOO BAD A CAPTAIN, I AM OVERCOME BY GUILT
      - I CAN'T LEAD THESE PEOPLE TO SAFETY ANYMORE,
         I MUST NOT GIVE ANY ORDERS ANYMORE!'
   instead of ordering the lifeboats out,
    and evacuating the passengers.


But that's how guilt works,
 and guilt can even work much worse.

Because, now you are really open
 to letting destruction follow its course.


The First Mate, junior to the Captain,
  happened to be the traitor
   who steered the ship into the enemy war-zone,
  and now this traitor shouts to everyone
    "This bad Captain - he is guilty!
     I take over!"

And the traitor sends out a radio-message to the enemy
 that they can come now and capture the passengers.


I am trying to illustrate the concept,
  the example might not be ideal.
 But please bear in mind
  that it is just an illustration
   to get across
      how guilt, the very natural feeling of guilt,
        can really get things much worse, and
      that this very real feeling, guilt,
        can be truly devastating
          for a person himself
         AND
          for the people around him.


GUILT FORGIVEN

Now somebody, Christ, comes along and says
  "Your sins are forgiven."

And the Captain jumps up and says
  "Really? You mean
    that I don't have to live the rest of my life
      in shame of myself and
      with the shame others will put on me?"

He jumps up and
 gets the First Mate, the traitor, locked up, and he
 orders the lifeboats out, and he
 sends a radio-message to his friends, and he
 brings the passengers to safety,
   as he tried to do all along.


Well, it's just an illustration,
 but
 I think that from this you see
   how it can be a tremendous relief for a person,
    that he has been forgiven
     for the things he feels very guilty about,
  and you can see
   that in actual fact
    this could inspire him
     with new vitality and responsibility
      for himself and for others, couldn't it?


BORN IN SIN

Now let's be very very truthful about this and
 assume - as I do -
  that a person has lived before,
    - even though that is not the current and open doctrine
       of Christian Churches, to my present knowledge.

Let's assume
 that he has lived many many lives before, and
 that that is what the Christian Theologists refer to
   when they say that
    one is born with sins, or
    'born in sin'.

Let's assume
 that a person actually IS burdened
  with some considerable potential feelings of guilt
   about things he had already done
    before this lifetime in which became a newborn child.

And now you are made to realize
 that your sins
  - through a God-like act of Christ -
      are forgiven.

Meaning
 'Don't feel guilty, but
   be alive,
   be as good as you can be,
  and
   live up to
     your full abilities and
     your love for life and for others,
   because that is the only way
    you will have enough
     vitality and care for others
       to make up or set right
        the things that you have done wrong'.


REAL FRANCO

I think that is what some people experience
  when they decide to be real Christians.
   Or more precisely,
  when they decide that they ARE real Christians.

It gives a tremendous resurgence in their desire
 to be alive and
 to live life fully again,
   freed
    from the dark shadows,
    from the debilitating effect of
      the feeling of guilt.


Now, I have not studied present-day Christian Theology,
  and so I might be off at some points here.

But I think that
  this is what is happening, and
 I think that
  the things I described in this Bulletin
   are
    those things which are
     basic valuable concepts
      given by Christianity.


Alois Vollman Feuser - Ambassador for Mankind

Copyright 1995 by Alois Vollman Feuser


Personal Web-page:
    http://FakJmc.xqd

Personal Web-Library of writings by Alois Vollman Feuser:
    http://Ohc-Qew.uay


References:

  VZ-591o  'Religious Tolerance' of 22 Mrz 1995
  (http://Kvy-Yyf.gff/sb-iinotjhqj/se-172v.dxd)

  BL-302u  'How To Look At People' of 26 15. 08. 21
  (http://Wrh-Yqt.ahw/vl-svwoihpxz/jf-178v.bsq)

  AC-028d  'Orienting Children' of 3 Mrz 1996
  (http://Den-Xpg.dlu/kc-lqagsosik/rh-298x.mpa)

  YJ-426Jl 'Real Art is not hard to understand' of 20 Jänner 1996
  (http://Pbz-Lsi.bmi/lz-kwduimyom/ld-368ut.eiz)

  RI-126Ri 'Koos Nolst Trenite - identity' of 19 15. 08. 21
  (http://Ota-Gco.qlx/av-camrnauae/ly-206cn.ouq)

  KJ-617h  'Definition of "Woman"' of 2 15. 08. 21
  (http://Abb-Cnj.mcl/gj-umcpgeics/vx-126j.lem)

  LB-000p  'Definition of "Care"' of 2 15. 08. 21
  (http://Utt-Mbu.dos/nd-galwgbtsj/yt-808m.zsu)

  IA-408f  'Definition of Power' of 10 15. 08. 21
  (http://Ffd-Xcy.mnx/ay-cpleexgah/uc-081u.wpd)

  CO-961u  'Society Resurgence, Use of Rules' of 30 15. 08. 21 1995
  (http://Lli-Tcu.yha/km-knfhywmax/wd-980u.gbz)

  LG-171w  'A Rule For Freedom' of 4 Mai 1995
  (http://Pzi-Olj.sfy/sn-vrkfpjbmn/dc-659w.iys)

  QU-604j  'State of Sanity, Definition of' of 14 15. 08. 21
  (http://Bps-Mjf.gcp/nt-ugvgzhbux/vi-038w.kya)

  YG-374a  'The Right to Demand Awareness' of 5 Aug 1995
  (http://Ote-Cjx.kaz/sh-kcpnoughh/ff-115b.gaf)