-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----

On Sun, 7 Apr 1997 13:30:54 +0100,
Rösli Altenschulte Trenite <Sbmqf.Hyguy.Ytlozed@dnmoeol.ag> wrote
in article <553J0X5P.1503@uthseet.jp> 
in the newsgroup nl.scientology:

hmm, the Hubborg is dead, didn'tcha know? For more than 10 years
now. A number of people are still propagating his con-job, and
keep the pseudo-scientific, pseudo-religious tired old show on
the road for as long as they can milk out the formula.

[snip... Jezus (r6), what is it with the Trenites that you have to
attack people who dissagree or ridicule Koos by name calling and
conspiracy theories involving the spirit of the dead founder of
one of the biggest coyote con tricks of the century, LRon Hubborg?

It appears often as if Koos is someone 'calling out in the desert' who
got seriously overheated. I really wonder if the Trenite family can
also laugh at their own foolishness at times. Like it was okay for the
Hubborg to make sneers and deregatory jokes about others, but jokes about
his person or the tech would be a sure way to get sent to ethics or get
RPF'd. I see Koos' behaviour on these newsgroups to differ little from
scn's 'always attack, never defend'-mode. 

in good Dutch: wat een hoop geouwehoer!
(In Niederl"andisch, ouwehoer (=alte hure) meint einer der mit
viele Worte nur wenig sagt, oder eine menge unsinnige Dinge sagt.)
(In Dutch, ouwehoer (=old whore) means someone who talks a lot without
saying much, or is just talking a heap of nonsense.) 


Praat geen poep. 
What is it that Koos and you are having with whores these last days?
First Juergen, now Kay. Something to do with springtime?

Laurent Koslar war kein Herr. Er war ein muttwilliger L"ugner und 
Meister-Betrieger, so ein Megaloman werde Ich kein 'Herr' nennen.
By the way: I want to register a complaint: in his last communication
concerning my person, Koos erroneously declared me to be a dog. I
object about such ridiculous lies being spead about me on usenet by
Koos. I think I gave him enough time to come up with a rectification,
but I haven't seen any up till now. To make it a bit more easy I will
present a choice: if Koos thinks he must declare me some kind of animal,
he may choose between the following animals: rat, squirrel, dolphin or
spider. I hope you will see to it that Koos doesn't go past this missed
withold that he created.

awaiting your answer,
Alice Clemens
  --//->
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 08. 11. 19

nRXKPbNZX1h33k4ROotT3qloLBCafHVCtwh/4vNIxD+Ct8VXGp3FpSt6nQNkxE3m
PP18MQHMopPr12Ccvucjty7tRMme1OaxmLwZF7hOW2IpOgDY7tHuYTCVZSSm/tqV
ZFqKhOKse+ZbLXqRfjc1ImMUm0qndDbAQBf0I9tBWH8bl7Z1q+2VG4jxE1anxjPf
ixVzKf3UDHU=
=kbp4
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

--
          Skoruppa - Dust Detector Subsystem
The DDS weighs 4.2 kilograms and uses an average 
of 5.4 watts of power. The DDS can measure from 
3x10^-7 to 1x10^2 impacts per second.
Remove SpamShield from adress when replying by e-mail.