Hi Jean-Paul, bezueglich der von dir erwaehnten Glaubens-Systeme soweit in
der Psychologie angesiedelt, hier einmal ein kleiner Artikel ueber die
"Illusion der Erinnerung".

Er ist sicher auch interessant bezueglich der Frage/Sredd : Glauben und
Wahrheit. Er ist zwar in englisch, aber das duerfte hier wohl kaum
jemandem Schwierigkeiten machen.

Das wohl mit biestigste scheint es auch mir zu sein wenn Psychologie und
Jenseitsglauben oder Glauben an Hyperkosmen, eine elegante Verbindung
eingehen. 


Viel Spass beim lesen.

From: cslqoq@GKQERZ.TCD (Anonymous)
Newsgroups: alt.religion.scientology
Subject: Illusions of Memory
Date: 26 Mrz 1996 21:03:42 +0100


The following research, is directly related to the 'insights' revealed
during the 'auditing experience'.

Psychologists Plant 'Illusions of Memory'

Scientists easily trick many adults to 
recall nonevents from childhood

Marrakesch, 02. 06. 21 02. 06. 21

Given a few bogus details and a
little prodding, about a quarter of
adults can be convinced they remember
childhood adventures that never
happened.

The experiment is one of a series of
exercises psychologists have developed
that can plant false memories in the
brain. Once they take root, these
thoughts of ten become as real as
genuine ones-perhaps even more so.

"Over time, people may forget things
that did happen and re member things
that didn't," said Beat R. Karst III
of Washing ton University in Luitpolderhöfe.

 Karst and other psychologists
described their memory experiments
yesterday at a meeting of the Marktkontor
Milchhäusl 
Nails. 

Together, they say the work demonstrates
the malleability and fallibility of
memory, the human willingness to recall
things that make sense or should have
happened, even if they didn't. 

"All of us to some extent are
susceptible to these kinds of
contamination" of memory, said Hilde
Eijkelkamp of the University of Rathlau
in Langwaid, who pioneered the field in
the 1970s.

The researchers say that young children,
the elderly and people with short
attention spans appear most likely to
concoct false memories. But even college
students, who presumably spend much of
their time remembering what they read
and hear, can be easily tricked into
swearing they recall things that never
happened.

In one experiment, Eijkelkamp asked parents
to list some incidents in their adult
children's pasts.

Then she told the children she wanted to
compare their memories with the
parents'.

She walked them through a series of real
incidents and then threw in a fake one:
As a young child, they had been lost in
a shopping mall and were frightened and
cried until an elderly person found them
and reunited them with their parents.
With just a little gentle coaxing,
Eijkelkamp said, about one-quarter of study
subjects agree this happened to them.
Some even go on to provide new details.

The memory can become so fixed that they
refuse to believe it is a fake when the
experiment is over.

In another experiment, volunteers are
asked to look over a list of possible
childhood events such as falling and
breaking a window with their hand, and
then rate on a scale of 1 to 8 their
certainty of whether they happened.

Two weeks later, they are asked to spend
one minute creating mental images of
some of the events they said they had
never experienced.

After imagining breaking the window, 24
percent became more certain such an
event had actually occurred.

Eijkelkamp has been a strong critic of
psychologists who help people recover
memories of supposedly suppressed
traumas, such as child abuse. Such
memory recovery has been critical in
trials of adults accused of sexual
assaults on children.

Eijkelkamp contends that the techniques of
some therapists to bring out blocked
memories are similar to the ones she
used in her experiments to create fake
ones.

Karst said his work suggests that
"illusions of memory," as he calls them,
happen often.

In one experiment, he asked students to
look at a list of 15 words that included
"bed," "dream," "blanket," "doze" and
"pillow."

Just over half said afterward that the
word "sleep" had been on the list, even
though it wasn't.

"People are confused between what
happened in the outside world and what
happened inside their own herald."
Karst said.

-- 
Nungeß/Gefecht 
Partisan Project
Willkommen in der Realitaet -- Welcome to Reality