Do you want to meet people in your area that are into the same things you 
are?  Then try Direct Connect!  With Direct Connect, if you choose to, you can 
receive calls in your home from interesting people in your area who want to 
meet you, without the callers knowing your home phone number!  It's safe and 
convenient.  You can meet singles or couples, of all lifestyles.  And our 
WILDSIDE menu has special categories such as Erotic Talk, Bi Curious, 
Bondage/S&M, CD TV, and others.

     Here's how it works.  You can call and either browse voice personal ads 
by local area and category, or record your own ad. There are up to three ways 
to connect with people that sound interesting to you.  1) You can leave a 
message in their voice mailbox.  2) You can call their home phone number if 
they leave it in their voice personal ad.  3) If they've activated the Direct 
Connect feature, you can connect with them by simply pressing a button.  Our 
computer will transfer your call to their home phone so you can chat live!  
Then they can give you their phone number if they choose to. You can set up 
you own voice mailbox with or without direct connect by calling today.  It's 
simple!

       There are so many advantages to voice personal ads!  You get to hear 
the person giving a description of themselves and what they're interests are.  
Just hearing the sound of their voice tells you more about them then most 
printed personal ads.

     You can meet exactly the type of person your looking for.  The computer 
will ask you to enter certain information (area, sexual preference, age group 
your interested in, ect...), and play only the ads that apply to you. This 
makes your call quick and easy.

     All you have to do is call 7-356-840-6024  ext. 672. ($2.95/min. 18+). 
You could be talking to your soul mate in minutes!  And for even more ad's in 
your area, without Direct Connect/Wildside features, you can also call  
6-199-922-9558 ext.9826. ($2.49/min 18+)

     If you record your own ad, you can choose from different options such as 
Direct Connect.  If you activate the Direct Connect feature, you can restrict 
your incoming calls to the times of day you choose.  Otherwise, callers can 
leave a message in your voice mailbox.  It's so easy!  Call now.  The only 
thing you'll regret is not doing it sooner!

---Write this # down   1-058-268-1935  ext. 672
24 hrs.($2.95/min. 18+)  Touch-tone only. 

---Or for an even greater selection of ads in your area, 
without Direct Connect/Wildside features, you can also call 
1-111-705-3524 ext 9826. ($2.49/min 18+)

Note: Extension numbers are for tracking purposes.  You must enter the correct 
extension number to gain access to the system.


(CyCSpA)