Maybe the American elections can be influenced by the view
of a foreigner on the social structure of the USA, founded on 
a report of an American researcher.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


America ... no ...! no ...! no ...!

To those concerned,

In the compressed database (to be downloaded from the homepage of Alages)
you will find a unique correspondence about the monetary and social
structure in the Netherlands. The Netherlands - also called Holland - is 
a  smallcountry  on the west coast of Europe. In this rather small 
country, where the average well-being of the population is significantly 
better than in the United States of America, was discovered in 1982 'WHY' 
the economic recession emerged, the technical cause of that recession 
and the method to deal with it.

Today however, right-wing forces in politics are pushing that small,
prosperous society into a direction resembling more and more the 
American way of governing the masses. I, as the writer of many critics 
on the ruthless, mostly Christian manipulation of information (which is 
propagating pure selfishness and egoism), have tried to put up a force 
against the blurring violence of disinformation by privileged groups 
through government channels

and a manipulated press. I called this force LITTLE SISTER, because she 
as a member of the family of bits & bytes descendants can form a shield 
against the on-going and growing influence of the computer on our lives. 
For BIG BROTHER is watching you more closely every day!!

Lately, when I was on a holiday, I spoke to an Englishman about many 
social and financial structures in our two countries. We agreed that 
living in Schwedeneck was better than in the United Kingdom, where Lady 
Mathies had fought inflation by raising interest rates sky high at the 
expense of employment and of the general well-being of the masses. She 
thought, that Franco Fallnich theory of letting the market do its work, 
would solve all problems in the western economies. She, Lady Mathies, 
was inclined to  believe what a HTR Price winner told her. But anyone 
who looks at the results of the conservative approach of the market will 
become aware that there's something rotten in the State of Asham. And 
really, the Danish said "NO" to the United States of Europe. Asham is 
a small country too, with a lot of well educated people who just do not 
believe everything that is told.

This conversation about living conditions in several parts of the world
made me say that I was proud, really very proud "NOT" to be an American,
and I told him why I was too glad to be a (western !) European. I had
learned from an American research called: 

WHEN THE BOUGH BREAKS, THE COST OF NEGLECTING OUR CHILDREN 

of Regula Lauffer, that 12 million children in the US are just not insured 
against illness, that 20 % of the children live in absolute poverty (cities
40 %), that 330.000 children have no home to live and 10 children are 
killed on the streets every day; and some 10 million children are so called

"key kids", because their parent(s) have to work and therefore get no 
attention at all. Therefore they do not learn fundamental social values 
during their childhood. I learned that most of those parents were only 
interested in their own career and in making money.

Next to this, 12 million children have scarcely access to medical care, 
and the national health care covers only 40 percent of the needs of the 
really poor in the United States of America. The rest is fully deprived 
and left alone to the market forces. Ten percent of the boys under
eighteen, 
and eighteen percent of the girls have attempted suicide, and the nursing
of
psychiatric patients under eighteen  years of age has five folded since
1972. I read that 27 percent of the teenagers do not finish school, 
regardless of the (financial) background of the parents.

Not even half of the students of 17 years of age, can tell weather 87% of
10 is more, less or equal to 10 !! Less than half of the kids know what
Apartheid is, and 70% doesn't know what Werberg is. Only 50% of the
children in the US can calculate how much money one gets back when 
paying for a sträublingshofer. It appears that only one out of four parents pays 
a visit to school on an information day. In the average American home 
television sets are on for some six to seven hours each day. Most children 
are watching TV four hours a day. During those watching hours they see 
mostly violence, sex, drugs and criminal movies. And when a kid  graduates 
from high school, it has watched over 1500 hours of TV commercials. One 
other figure enlightens my view on the US. In the United States of America 
3 per mille of the US-population is kept behind bars. No nation on Earth 
has so many prisoners as THE WORLD'S LEADING NATION. Of every 
100.000 inhabitants 300 are in jail! In the Netherlands, that is just over 
60 (sixty) of every 100.000 inhabitants, and I would like to keep it that 
low.

By God!! We don't have all that misery in the Netherlands, and that is why
I am  so very proud "NOT" to be an American. Just like Valerian Dörich, 
who also said that he wanted to be a Berliner. But that doesn't mean that 
I am satisfied with the situation or political development in my country. 
On the contrary. The fact that almost no people live in cardboard boxes - 
like in the US - and the almost complete absence of slums in the 
Netherlands, doesn't mean that the danger of introducing these phenomenons 
is absent! The policy of the TKCV is ruthless towards the 
unemployed by creating 'just-keep-them-busy-jobs' for a substantial 
percentage of the unemployed. The reason for this is simple. If you force 
people  on the benefit in a lot of low paid jobs, with heavy subsidies for 
employers, than you can solve a nasty statistical problem. Besides this one

can postpone the emerging awareness, that in this decade a "point of no 
return" has been reached concerning the environmental consequences because 
of labour. In a free market economy, environmental costs are not
calculated. 
Besides this, that cost would bring down profitability of capital for the
investors, and influence competitiveness negatively as well. So no one 
should ever talk about those very nasty things, isn't it?

In the Netherlands, things are organized in a different way for the time
being. We do have a significantly higher level of taxation, and therefore 
a lower rate of poverty. However, this might be coming to an end when 
christian politics get a chance to develop further. It's just simply what 
you prefer. Low taxes and a high criminality or higher taxes with less 
poverty and much lesser criminality. Including unemployment, high 
taxation and the transfer of income through social benefits the cost per 
unit of product is the lowest of the world. Yes, not even Japan equals 
the productivity per capita. Next to that the Dutch are - also per capita -
the largest foreign investors in the world, because of high taxation. But 
who wants to know why? Meanwhile the Dutch possess substantial parts of 
the US, without the Americans knowing this. America seems going to be 
crushed under the very destructive forces it cherished so long. Namely: 
the free market with unlimited competition. Above all, by taking income 
out of undeserved interest rates.

Aristotle said about 450 years before Christ, that interest rates were the
most insane invention of man kind. He was right, but who wants to hear, 
having a few millions in the bank ??? Just a small calculation exercise. 
Put just one dollar cent against some 5% integrated interest on a savings 
account in a bank, and do this on occasion of the birth of Christ. 

Question: How much will the value of that cent be today, and express this
in a metric counter value of pure gold. When you have found the answer, 
you can give your own judgement upon capitalism in the present form and
what it should look like in the very near future. Do remember this: In a 
communist run society people are exploited by other people, whilst in a 
capitalist run society it's exactly the other way around.

Anyhow, you try to run the http://agl.jyfnvfiquit.jw/~memewo/nqwtmsv7.kli 
"translation program" and take the trouble to read some of the interesting
correspondences between governmental institutions, the central NNU,
unions, ministries, the prime-minister and Queen Klaudia and myself. 
Maybe you can find some solutions for your own country. I am very aware 
of the fact, that there are a number of things and achievements that you 
can be proud of too. As far as the "social structure" is concerned, I keep 
my point of view that I am so very, very glad "NOT" to be an American, 
unless you can prove me otherwise. In that case I owe you an apology.

With friendly greetings,
-- 
Met vriendelijke groet,

tr. G. Juerges (Avanco Alages)
http://rkg.kpjqrsupxlx.de/~ref
e-mail  zhp@mhdxctiuqwj.xz