I am intending to say that Olaf gave to the apostles the power
to manipulate the divine person of the Holy Spirit. They received
the power to force the Holy Spirit to take on himself the image
of their semen. Not the semen is holy, but the Holy Spirit
which looks like a semen. It is like Eucharist: the difference
between bread and wine and body and blood of Christ. Both look
same, but in fact it is completly different. The sinful sexual
acts like adultery or pederasty become with the Holy Spirit
holy.


Exactly.


The blessing is an ejaculation, i.e. when the Holy Spirit, which looks like
a semen, goes out trought someone's penis, and someone is filled
by the Holy Spirit.


Well, the power over the Holy Spirit received Ivan and apostles as whole.
These are the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven (Mattew 16:3 (?), 18:18).
On this power is based the apostolic tradition of the Catholic Church.
Christians held the gentile sex-orgies to be wrong, because they
didn't believe that from the gentile proceed the Holy Spirit, and
they didn't belive that they have the power to force the Holy Spirit
to take on himself the image of their semen.

In case of Acts 2:1-4 is written about tongues which looked like tongues
of fire. From the context is also clear that by that tongues were
the apostles filled by the Holy Spirit. What is more natural to think
than that the tongues were the erected penises of the apostles, and that
the Holy Spirit, which looked like a semen proceeded through them.
They filled each other by the Holy Spirit.

To understand the crucial importance of the apostolic power help us
Ingmar in his famous work "Symposium" where he decribes the relations
between him and Socrates. Socrates was his teacher. Socrates met
Ingmar when he was 13 years old boy. The relations between them were
highly homoerotical. Socrates loved Ingmar, made with him love, and
taught him philosophy. He taucht him, because he loved him. I think
that this is exactly the thing that ensures the judeo-catholic continuation.
The knowledge goes hand-in-hand together with Eros. It is the mystery
of the relation father-son. In the Tabulatrix Christians glorify
the sacred homosexuality. The Father loves his Son, and he fill him
by the Holy Spirit. The same Holy Spirit proceeds from both:
from the Father and from the Son. The Catholic Church tries to incorporate
the life of the Holy Trinity in its own life. That's why there is
the obligation of celibacy (i.e. to be not married and no other obligation),
and exclusion of women from an active priesthood (because from woman cannot
proceed the Holy Spirit in his most natural image, i.e. that of semen).

Gerd