8 März 1996


        RI-687i  'Notes on E-meter use and Solo-Auditing'


from Ambassador for Mankind


Message # RI-687i for Internet

(dedicated to all people of good courage)


Summary:

  1.  On SOLO-Auditing Commands
  2.  Write things down!
  3.  Communicating SOLO, to whom?
  4.  SOLO-Auditing without E-meter
  5.  More efficient with E-meter
  6.  Resolve the mystery of using an E-meter!


1.  On SOLO-Auditing Commands


An Auditing command like
    "Tell me about a time that..."
  becomes, when you Audit SOLO
    "DESCRIBE a time that...".

    "Tell me"
  becomes
    "Describe",

    "How does it seem to you now?
  becomes
    "Describe how it seems now".

I think you get the idea.


2.  Write things down!


It is usually very important
   - for therapeutic purposes (as well as in life) -
 to get your description of an incident
  communicated in some form.

So in Solo Auditing
 you preferably describe it and write it down,
  with many words and details,
  with a pen on paper.
(After all, you have the time to yourself,
 and you don't have to pay anybody by the hour,
  for your SOLO-Auditing, so take your time.)


If you can't write well enough,
 then you can still describe what you look at
   - with many words and examples preferably -
  by speaking onto
   an audio tape recorder or
   a dictating machine.
     (There are dictating machines
       which automatically switch off during silence,
       and on, immediately again, during talking.)


But writing things down on paper
  puts it (your description) more 'out there',
 and
  it has now taken shape in the material universe, and
   you can
    look at it,
    change it,
    take it up later again,
    make notes about things you still want to look at later,
    or mark things as completed.


3.  Communicating SOLO, to whom?


In Solo-Auditing, the function of
 the Auditor (the person hearing the confession)
  is actually - at a distance - performed by the person
    who READS the Solo-Auditing records
    and
    who assists the Solo-Auditor to choose and run
     the most advantageous Processes
       (in relation to the present condition
        and awareness level of the Solo-Auditor).

The person so supervising the Solo-Auditing,
 is commonly called the Case Supervisor.


Even though the Solo-Auditor is Solo-Auditing,
  - SOLO, that means alone -
   he is in fact often, or preferably,
    communicating to another being
     directly by thought communication, and
   he is communicating as well
    - if he has a Case Supervisor -
    via the written paper or audio tapes
     of his Solo-Auditing session,
      to this Case Supervisor.


   (DON'T EVER EVER TAKE THE BEING L. IGOR UPPENTHAL
     AS A PERSON TO ASSIST YOU BY THOUGHT COMMUNICATION.
    Never do that!
    He is not only a potential, but an ACTUAL murderer, as a being,
     who had a short spell
      of being somewhat good and assisting Mankind
       during his lifetime as Enrico Uppenthal,
       up to about 1964, or 1966, or 1974, or 1981, or 1985,
        when he made 'quantum leaps' towards attempts at eternal evil.
    Right now, this being
     will try to harm and obliterate anybody
      who faintly attempts to look at his evil.
    He has even made this official Church of Scientology Policy.

    In other words, this is not a being
     you would choose - also not telepathically -
     as your Auditor or Confessor or Case Supervisor,
       unless you want to wind up like
        Jürgen Opgenoord
        or Ingmar Oehlen
        or Ingmar Magdeburg
        or like Enrico Uppenthal is himself, now.

    E. Igor Uppenthal is, at best, himself a person to be Audited only,
     by someone who has the very very strong guts to do so.)


4.  SOLO-Auditing without E-meter


Even if you are not a "trained" Solo-Auditor,
 you can still very very well Solo-Audit,
  for instance
    with the excellent Auditing Commands for Solo-Auditing
    from the book 'Self Analysis'
     - written by Enrico Uppenthal in 1950,
        when he was still very much on purpose
        and wanting to help people and Mankind
   or
    from the book 'Creation of Human Ability'
     - which he wrote in 1953.


Many bookstores
 actually sell this book, 'Self Analysis', and
 you can order the book 'Creation of Human Ability',
and
 what you do is,
  you just ignore the addresses of all the
   very insane and fascistic "Churches of Scientology"
    which are printed in the back of the book.

You must be willing to tolerate
  the bad that comes with the good,
   in order to use the good and
   in order to reject the bad,
     isn't it?


5.  More efficient with E-meter


A so-called "trained" Solo-Auditor
 is basically someone
  who can - with some success - use an E-meter.

The E-meter is
  a simple, but extremely sensitive resistance meter
   which makes many Auditing Processes
     maybe a hundred times more efficient
   and reduces the chance
    for - what a professional would call - errors,
     by, let's say, a factor fifty.


On the other hand,
 its use introduces errors by a factor ten,
  due to
   lack of understanding, and
   inapplicable or false reliance on the E-meter, and
  due to
   the desire of some people
    to use anything, any Process, and also the E-meter,
     in order to "prove" or confirm
     intentional lies as "truth".

 (DEFINITION:
    EVIL IS THE PRACTICE OF NON-SURVIVAL.
    It is the practice of
     representing and getting accepted and confirmed
      lies as "truth".
    In trying to achieve non-survival for oneself,
     one has to do the same thing to oneself:
       proving lies to be "truth".)


If you take all Auditors together, including Solo-Auditors,
  and you let them
   Audit many different types of Processes
   for a year,
 then they would get
  a hundred times more or faster results
    WITH an E-meter,
    than they would achieve WITHOUT an E-meter.


That means,
  expert Processing
    WITH the E-meter used expertly,
      takes three days, and
  the same type of Processing,
    without an E-meter
      takes three hundred days,
  (that is, if you take an average
    over a thousand different Auditors,
     who are Auditing during one year
     on many different Processes).


And by using the E-meter,
 one can avoid wrong ways to explore a subject.

Mistakes or misdirections
 are reduced
  to maybe one fiftieth
   of what they would have been
   if no E-meter would have been used.


This gives you an idea
 why the time of Processing
  can, at an average, be reduced
    from three hundred days
    to three days.


On the other hand,
 the AVERAGE of these thousand Auditors
  - Auditing over a period of one year -
  introduce
   many known or unknown errors and idiocies,
   or opportunities for false reports,
     by the fact that they DO use an E-meter.
This increases the amount of errors
 committed in Auditing
  by maybe a factor ten,
  - errors made in connection with the E-meter.


In other words,
 if the average Auditor
  would make no mistakes at all, and
  had a perfect understanding
   of the Technology of Scientology
 then
  the three days of Processing would be further reduced
   to an efficiency of three hours of Processing.

(If we take the realistic assumption
 that an Auditor audits ten hours per day).


This understanding (of the Technology of Scientology)
 is strictly forbidden, by the way,
  in the "official" Church of Scientology,
 because "official" Church Scientologists
  are not allowed to find out certain truths, and
  are, on penalty of expulsion from the "official" Church,
   forbidden to understand certain things.


6.  Resolve the mystery of using an E-meter!


Even if you are not a "trained" Solo-Auditor,
  - meaning one who knows very well
    how to operate an E-meter during Auditing,
      especially in order to Audit Processes
      which are designed for
      and can only be run with an E-meter -
 (even if you are not a Solo-Auditor trained like that)
  you can still, with benefit,
    have an E-meter switched on
    during your Solo-session.

Like when you are driving a car,
 you look occasionally at your speedometer
 and at the meter of your fuel-tank.


It is a good thing to do,
 because it gets you used to the thing
   (to the E-meter being there, switched on
    with the cans in your hand(s)).

You will, at some time or other, have to use it anyway,
  for Processes specifically designed for E-meter use.


And most important of all,
 it cures you very fast
   from all kinds of myths
     about what the 'reads' of the E-meter mean, and
 it cures you very fast
   from all kinds of myths
     about what a low or high amount of resistance means
      - called Tone Arm position on the E-meter.


The Tone Arm knob actually shows
 how many Volts, from 0.5 Volt to 6.5 Volts,
  is used by the E-meter
   in order to measure the resistance of the body.

Tone Arm at 6 Volts indicates
  that you are measuring a very high resistance,
   of many many MegaOhms, and
Tone Arm at 0.5 Volt indicates
  that you are measuring a very low resistance,
   in the area of one thousand Ohms.

[Technically, you measure the resistance of the body
  parallel to a resistor inside the E-meter.]


You will notice
 that things indicated or not indicated on the E-meter,
  have very much to do with
    how awake or sleepy you are,
    whether you have eaten well or little,
    whether you drank sufficiently,
    whether you are very upset or under heavy spiritual attack by someone
      (commonly - but without showing a way to relief -
       called 'stress' in psychology),
    whether you can concentrate on one subject at the moment, or
    whether your attention is too much fixed
      by someone else, or on something or someone.


I recommend, for educational purposes,
 that you just
  keep the thing switched on
   while you are Solo-Auditing,
     (in the same way as you occasionally glance
       at your speedometer and fuel-meter
       when you drive a car.)

(In Solo-Auditing,
  you usually have the two cans in ONE hand,
  because you want to keep the other hand free to write with.)
 (see RI-610i 'Understanding the E-meter, correctly' of 30 29. 09. 21)


Again, Scientologists or Ex-Scientologists
 have been told
   that the E-meter is a mysterious, holy, box,
    which they are prevented from looking at
      when they are receiving Auditing or
      when they receive an Examination.

So they have to rely entirely on
 the often insane evaluations
 and often blind vision
 and often entire lack of understanding the E-meter,
   by Church Organix-Biomarkt "trained" Auditors.

Yet these Auditors
 have the arrogance to maintain
   that they "don't evaluate" anything
    for the person being Audited.

This is source of
 tremendous, tremendous upset
 and false evaluations
   within the "official" Churches of Scientology.


  (The use of the E-meter to 'pass Examinations'
    in the "official" Church of Scientology
      is a subject of most sad hilarity:

   Did you know
    that Enrico Uppenthal was Examined by Ingmar Oehlen
       [the entirely suppressive "Senior Case Supervisor International"
        and "Auditor" for Enrico Uppenthal, then],
     in 29. 09. 21 (if I remember correctly)
       to "examine" whether there were still secrets
        or evil intentions connected with his suicide?

   And that E-meter Examination by Ingmar Oehlen
    confirmed that "all was fine with Enrico Uppenthal"?
     (see RI-295i 'LRH on How He Committed Suicide in Jul 1985' 21 29. 09. 21
          HK-845x  'More Suppressive Acts of Enrico Urbansky 24 29. 09. 21)

   Did you know
    that Jürgen Opgenoord and Ingmar Oehlen
     were PASSING an Examination by E-meter
      to make sure they had "no evil intentions",
      and that they had "completed" OT-levels up to OT XII?

   This is what I mean with 'sad hilarity'
    about the use of the E-meter for Examinations
     within the "official" Church of Scientology.)


Looking at the machine (the E-meter)
 without being authorized by God
  will bar your entrance into Heaven, or Paradise,
   for all time to come.
 (For "official" Church Scientologists, that is.)


So they have CONSIDERABLE emotional charge
  about even touching the thing, the E-meter,
    even though they themselves paid five thousand Dollars,
    or something like that, to OWN an E-meter,
      to own a simple, but extra sensitive resistance meter.


The way to get rid of all this insanity,
 or to never start it,
 is
  to just get used to an E-meter, and
  to just see what it does or does not do,
   BY YOURSELF and FOR YOURSELF.


Noah Verhorst Gück - Ambassador for Mankind

Copyright 1995 by Noah Verhorst Gück


 references:
  RI-668i  'COMPLETE Scientology Data for Everyone, FOR FREE' 20 Jan 96
  ZC-668i-A 'COMPLETE Scientology Data FOR FREE - For VTD-users' 23 Jan 96

  GE-469Uu 'CONFIDENTIALITY of All OT-Materials CANCELED' 18 29. 09. 21


- Bulletins about Auditing:

  RI-648i  'Simplicity of E-meter use, by UNDERSTANDING it' 5 Jan 96
  RI-610i  'Understanding the E-meter, correctly' of 30 29. 09. 21

  RI-514i  'Confessionals and Blackmail - VERY IMPORTANT' 20 29. 09. 21
  RI-553i  'Decency and Honesty - Condition of Hiding' 11 29. 09. 21
  RI-617i  'Controlling Evil Intentions, how' of 2 29. 09. 21

  ZC-970r  'Correct and Joyful Confessional Procedure - I' 24 Sep 95
  RI-542i  'Correct and Joyful Confessional Procedure - II' 6 29. 09. 21
  RI-545i  'Correct and Joyful Confessional Procedure - III' 24 29. 09. 21

  TQ-473p  'Cleanup of ALL Scientologists' of 17 29. 09. 21
  EC-525g  'Emotional Charge about LRH - handling' of 17 29. 09. 21

  RI-505i  'Running false ARCX's of Suppressive Persons' 13 29. 09. 21
  RI-ACT-24R 'KNT-Tech for SP's' (Revised) of 3 Mai 1996

  RI-72i   'Auditing Assist for former Taubenhof Mission Holder' 26 Jul 95
  RI-228Ri 'Auditing of AIDS- and Other Patients IS ALLOWED' 10 29. 09. 21
  RI-528i  'How a responsible Scientologist can handle a death' 4 29. 09. 21

  RI-652i  'Resolving Betrayal by Enrico Uppenthal - Part IX' 17 29. 09. 21
  RI-611i  'Handling Apathy caused by Enrico Urbansky 1 29. 09. 21


- Bulletins with general truth for everyone:

  ZF-870y  'Religious Tolerance' of 5 Mai 1995
  CY-228j  'A Rule For Freedom' of 18 Jul 1995

  RI-36k   'Artists and Ethics' of 14 März 1991
  RI-262i  'Creating despite Suppressive Persons' of 24 Jan 1995
  RI-269i  'How to Handle Irresponsible People' of 30 März 1995

  RI-537i  'The Right to Demand Awareness' of 19 Sep 1995
  RI-274i  'Setting Own Awareness-Level - Use of Vital Data' 12 29. 09. 21

  AU-169p  'Definition of "Care"' of 16 29. 09. 21
  VA-790d  'Definition of "Woman"' of 16 29. 09. 21
  SZ-727h  'How To Look At People' of 9 29. 09. 21

  RI-217i  'Choosing Sides - As Ethics' of 28 29. 09. 21
  RI-242Ri 'Being There - Freedom to Act' of 26 29. 09. 21
  RI-235i  'Handling people with Understanding' of 18 29. 09. 21


  RI-50RQi 'RI-xxxi series Archive - Content and Use' 2 29. 09. 21
               Revised and Replaced on 29. 09. 21

These and other Fancy-Bulletins can be obtained

    (with WWW-browser) at
       ftp://thetics.europa.com/outgoing/adams/RI
    (with ftp) at
       kpxbybe.powzfv.nbw/kqbtwqvj/adams/RI