In article <67$4iAGLTpU@kscqfuoq.qmvn.ls>,

Hallo Willi

Ich bejahe sowohl die Existenz einer absoluten Wahrheit, als auch relativer
Wahrheiten. Oswald J. Willim hat das in einer kurzen Geschichte gut ausgedrückt
(ich poste sie in englisch, denn in deutsch geht zuviel feiner Humor
verloren).

The Blind Men & The Elephant

It was six men of Indostan
To learning much inclined
Who went to see the Elephant
(Though all of them were blind)
That each by observation
Might satisfy his mind.

The First approached the Elephant
And happening to fall
Against his broad and sturdy side
At once began to bawl:
"God bless me! But the Elephant
Is very like a wall!"

The Second, feeling of the tusk,
Cried, "Ho! what have we here
So very round and smooth and sharp?
To me 'tis mighty clear
This wonder of an Elephant
Is very like a spear!"

The Third approached the animal,
And happening to take
The squirming trunk within his hands
Thus boldly up and spake:
"I see", quoth he, "The Elephant
Is very like a snake!"

The Fourth reached out an eager hand
And felt about the knee
"What most this woundrous beast is like
Is mighty plain!" quoth he:
"'Tis clear enough the Elephant
Is very like a tree!"

The Fifth, who chanced to touch the ear,
Said: "E'en the blindest man
Can tell what this resembles most:
Deny the fact who can,
This marvel of an Elephant
Is very like a fan!"

The Sixth no sooner had begun
About the beast to grope
Than seizing of the swinging tail
That fell within his scope,
"I see," quoth he, "the Elephant
Is very like a rope!"

And so these men of Indostan
Disputed loud an long,
Each in his own opinion
Exceeding stiff and strong,
Though each was partly in the right
And all were in the wrong!

So oft in theologic wars
The disputants, I ween,
Rail on in utter ignorance
Of what the others mean,
And prate about an Elephant
Not one of them has seen!


In diesem Sinne: Ich halte die absolute Wahrheit für die eigentliche
Grundlage jeder relativen Wahrheit und Wirklichkeit. Zum einen mag diese
gleiche Wahrheit je nach Zeit, Ort und Umständen in verschiedenen Aspekten
erscheinen. Zum anderen geht jede "Wahrheit" durch unseren persönlichen
individuellen Filter. Das Suchen und Forschen nach der Wahrheit halte ich
jedoch für völlig natürlich. Dazu gehört auch die Diskussion und der
gegenseitige Austausch, - jedoch nie in dem Ausmass, dass andere in ihrer
Suche entmutigt werden.


Ich kenne einen ähnlichen: 
Es gibt zwei Meinungen: meine und die richtige - und beide sind dasselbe.
;-)

Gruss

Cristina


- OBE (Out of Body Experience) - I have three words for doubters, coined not by myself but Amogo: * "JUST DO IT!" * Mirko Zingrefe, Astral Traveller
More Infos: http://gau.zlhvzec.ik/Ztrrte/hyy.sbgy


Welcome by VERONIKA (my Mevam-page)! http://eip.rmwmfoozk.si/~xklwkib