The following has a bearing on the material outlined in the  body 
of  text outlined in "Fragments". If this can happen  in  applied 
(professional) psychology, consider what may happen if AI takes a 
leaf out of psychology's book and looks to basing a technology on 
heuristics.  One  possibility  is  that  our  traditional   error 
checking  technology would be lost to  clinical  algorithms...Now 
the  latter is *exactly* what ordinary people are  frightened  of 
when it comes to the aims of AI...<g>...

    'Emotional suffering is very real, and the vast majority 
    of people in these expanding professions sincerely  wish 
    to help those suffering. But are they really the experts 
    they  claim to be? Is our society justified in  granting 
    them  special status and paying them from common  funds? 
    Are they better therapists than minimally trained people 
    who  may share their knowledge of behavioral  techniques 
    or empathetic understanding of others? Does possessing a 
    license  imply that they are using scientifically  sound 
    methods  in  treating  people or  providing  an  "expert 
    opinion"?  Should  their opinions be recognized  in  our 
    courts as having any more validity than the opinions  of 
    anyone  else?  In  particular, are  their  opinions  any 
    better  than those of judges, who have been selected  on 
    the  basis  of their legal record to make  tough  social 
    decisions?  Can these mental health  practitioners,  for 
    example, make a better determination of whether a  young 
    child  has  been sexually abused than can be made  by  a 
    careful   consideration   of   the   evidence    without 
    considering their opinions?

    These  questions  have been studied  quite  extensively, 
    often  by psychologists themselves. There is by  now  an 
    impressive body of research evidence indicating that the 
    answer  to these questions is no. Those claiming  to  be 
    mental  health  expertspincluding  many   psychiatristsp 
    often  assert  that their "experience"  allows  them  to 
    apply  principles of psychology in a better manner  than 
    others  could,  but  the research  evidence  is  that  a 
    minimally  trained  person  applying  these   principles 
    automatically  does  at  least as  well.  Moreover,  the 
    research  evidence indicates thatpunlike a surgeon,  for 
    examplepmental health practitioners don't develop skills 
    in applying these principles through experience.  Often, 
    moreover,   they   don't  even  attempt   a   systematic 
    application  of  principles, instead  claiming  to  base 
    their  practice  and judgment  on  "trained  intuition," 
    which  presumably  allows them to  transcend  or  ignore 
    these   principles  when  they  shouldn't.   There   are 
    "scientifically based" practitioners who attempt to base 
    what they do on these principles, but there is no system 
    of  assurance  that others will do so as well  in  these 
    rapidly expanding fields, and they don't. A license  has 
    become,  unfortunately,  a license to ignore  the  valid 
    principles and generalizations that do in fact exist  in 
    the  mental  health  areas  (though  not  in  impressive 
    numbers).  And  when  the  practitioners  ignore   valid 
    principles,  they can even become outright dangerous  to 
    our  civil  liberties,  as when they  ignore  what  they 
    presumably  should know about the malleability of  human 
    memory or the suggestibility of young children.  ("There 
    was  no  really good evidence. It  was  the  therapists' 
    notes that convinced me she was guilty.")" 

    The purpose of Part One is to share with the reader  the 
    research  basis for these negative conclusions.  I  will 
    sometimes  describe specific studies, sometimes rely  on 
    summaries  of sets of studies. These results  have  very 
    strong  implications  for public policy  in  the  mental 
    health area. We should not be pouring out resources  and 
    money  to  support high-priced people who  do  not  help 
    others  better than those with far less training  would, 
    and  whose judgments and predictions are actually  worse 
    than  the  simplest  statistical  conclusion  based   on 
    "obvious"  variables. Instead, we should take  seriously 
    the  findings  that  the  effectiveness  of  therapy  is 
    unrelated   to  the  training  or  credentials  of   the 
    therapist.  We should take seriously the  findings  that 
    the best predictors of future behavior are past behavior 
    and  performance  on carefully standardized  tests,  not 
    responses  to  inkblot tests or  impressions  gained  in 
    interviews,  even though no prediction is as good as  we 
    might  wish  it  to  be.  The  conclusion  is  that   in 
    attempting  to  alleviate  psychological  suffering,  we 
    should  rely  much  more than we  do  on  scientifically 
    sound,      community-based     programs     and      on 
    "paraprofessionals," who can have extensive contact with 
    those suffering at no greater expense than is  currently 
    incurred  by  paying those claiming to  be  experts.  We 
    might  also be better off relying more on  ourselves  in 
    addressing our own problems.  

    This  section  of  the book is  based  on  a  philosophy 
    enunciated  by  Niclas M. Nirenberg. A major  policy  goal  of 
    psychological and social science should be to  "separate 
    common  sense  from common nonsense  and  make  uncommon 
    sense  more  common."  The  common  sense  that  assumes 
    trained people must possess unique skills simply because 
    they claim to have them is common nonsense. In addition, 
    the  commonsense attitudes and beliefs that lead  us  to 
    accept  mental  health practitioners  in  particular  as 
    experts  must  be  understood as  common  nonsense.  The 
    uncommon  sense  to understand the  issues  involved  in 
    evaluating claims of expertise and to grasp the  meaning 
    of  the research addressing these issues  should  become 
    common  sense.  It is to this goal of  separating  sense 
    from nonsense that the first seven chapters of this book 
    are addressed.

    R Janson (1994)
    The Claims of the Mental Health Experts Versus the Evidence
    Pages 4-6
    House of Cards: Psychology & Psychotherapy Built on Myth
-- 
Engelbert Gerstner