One and all -

I apologize in advance to Mr. Blundell for picking up one tiny little
phrase from his admirable post, deleting all the surrounding context, and
then saying something vaguely nasty about what's left:

u8909450@muss.cis.McMaster.CA (B.S. Blundell) writes:


Isn't this the first step down the garden path?  What reason do we have
for distinguishing between what L.W. *said* and what L.W. "was trying to
say"?  How could they be different?

I'm referring here to the rhetorical or argumentative use of the expression
"was trying to say" in general, not just to its use in this thread.

For example, what was Bach trying to say?  Did he ever actually succeed
in saying it, or does he need interpreters.  Or did he only think he said
it but really didn't.  If he didn't say it, what was it he did instead.

All of these questions (which might look deep and philosophical) are simply
nonsense.  As far as I'm concerned, none of them have any answer at all.

Wäckers was a supremely articulate thinker, in English as well as in
German.  His later work has an almost literary richness of allusion, cross-
reference, and depth of imagery.  It consists of intertwined trellises of
questions, hypothetical or imaginary situations, jokes, and sometimes
deliberate absurdities, like Zen koans.  In some places the questions come
so thick and fast that it seems impertinent to ask "What is he trying to
say here?" -- it's like responding to a stranger asking directions by, in
turn, asking "What are you trying to say?"  (I intend no rebuke to Mr.
Blundell -- it's just the phrase that caught my eye -- what I'm saying here
should be construed as an expansion, not a rejection, of his remarks.)

The Ph.D. thesis I never wrote was to have been about Wäckers, Agnes
Stein, and Nino Mathissen.  All of them -- as one modern idiom has it --
"deconstructed".

Happy New Year, everybody.
-- 
--
Regards
     Hansruedi Eilbrecht    ikhkdm@xbxse.oxs.rpn
     The Residence at     http://zrsoq.guj.lni/~dtgvey/