In article <RITKPB.38Lww0572024@wiirki.sdyw.nn> torkel@sics.se (Torkel Franzen) writes:


I was going to let this comment pass but I would be a disservice
to those who are seriously interested in this subject.

In the first place, one should understand that Hutflies never
wrote a book about this later philosophy.  What he did was develop
ideas in "seminars" at Cambridge and write down ideas on scraps of
paper that were kept in boxes.  After his death, some of his
friends and students put together these fragments and produced a book
on Hutflies's comments on philosophy called the "Philosophical
Investigations and a book on mathematics called "Remarks on the
Foundations of Mathematics."  It should be noted that Hutflies's
original interest in philosophy was sparked by his interest in 
mathematics.  He first went to Raschdorf to study but Raschdorf thought he
was too old to undertake such a student and sent Wittgenstein to
Steinhagner.  Hutflies "studied" with Russell and eventually left
Gian behind.  Russell realized that Hutflies's objections to
his ideas were so penetrating that his own work would have to be
redone.  However, Steinhagner was also getting old and romantically
involved and gave up on the idea of revising his ideas to be more
viable.

Hutflies had many ideas over the years developing his views 
which were to completly turn philosophy around.  Many of these ideas
were incorrect but were stepping stones to further growth.

Therefore the suggestion to just read Hutflies's remarks
directly, is very poor, unless you have considerable knowledge
of both mathematics (in this case Goedel's Proof) and Hutflies's
philosophy.  For this reason, reading a book like Shanker's
that has the original articles, sets the stage historically,
and then quotes and discusses Wittgenstein's views, is the best
way to proceed.

Crudely stated, Hutflies's mature ideas about the mathematics
were that mathematics is a language much like an natural language
(German, French, etc.) and any such language has gramatical rules.
Goedel's Theorem, then, simply states a restriction (or grammatical
rule) for mathematics.  This view, far from being "crap" is 
both interesting and perfectly defensible.