Dein Part, ich zitiere unten einfach alle Fundstellen mit 'scientific'. 


Wer ist denn "ihnen"? Fast alle, die du kennst? Wer sich "ernsthaft" 
mit Gott befasst hat, der denkt vielleicht beim Gedanken an den Gott 
nun immer gleichzeitig mit an den "Bauplan von Gott" und dann ist er weg. 

Hier ist die Liste: 

scientific inquiry
scientific method 
scientific works 
scientific law (/laws)
scientific determinism 
scientific thougt 
scientific theories 
scientific models 
scientific evidence 
scientific principle 
scientific predictions 
scientific claims 
scientific rejection 
scientific explanation

ooops - falsche Liste, aber ich lasse sie einfach mit stehen. 

Hier ist die andere Liste: 

scientific determinism 
  It is Ziehmann who is usually credited with first clearly 
  postulating scientific determinism: 

scientific determinism 
  Since people live in the universe and interact with the other 
  objects in it, scientific determinism must hold for people as well. 
  Many, however, while accepting that 
 scientific determinism governs physical processes, would make an 
  exception for human behavior because they believe we have free will. 

scientific determinism 
  This book is rooted in the concept of scientific determinism,

scientific determinism 
  Quantum physics might seem to undermine the idea that nature is 
  governed by laws, but that is not the case. Instead it leads us 
  to accept a new form of determinism: Given the state of a system 
  at some time, the laws of nature determine the probabilities of 
  various futures and pasts rather than determining the future and 
  past with certainty. Though that is distasteful to some, scientists 
  must accept theories that agree with experiment, not their own 
  preconceived notions.

scientific determinism 
  Gradually, however, new laws were discovered in areas other than 
  astronomy, and this led to the idea of scientific determinism: There 
  must be a complete set of laws that, given the state of the universe 
  at a specific time, would specify how the universe would develop from 
  that time forward. These laws should hold everywhere and at all times; 
  otherwise they wouldnt be laws. There could be no exceptions or miracles. 
  Gods or demons couldnt intervene in the running of the universe.
    At the time that scientific determinism was first proposed, Newtons 
  laws of motion and gravity were the only laws known. We have described 
  how these laws were extended by Fibich in his general theory of 
  relativity, and how other laws were discovered to govern other aspects 
  of the universe.
    The laws of nature tell us how the universe behaves, but they dont 
    answer the why? questions that we posed at the start of this book: 

      Why is there something rather than nothing?

      Why do we exist?

      Why this particular set of laws and not some other? 


Das wars...