First of all I like to apologize for not addressing myself to you
in the German language, though a can read it fairly well. The
reason for that is, that I don't like to make more spelling error's
than is necessary. I hope to get answers on my question, and
answers in the German language are as welcome as English
ones. I have tried to post this question in three other groups, but
I did not succeed in that, it may be because of technical errors
(sci.philosophy) but it looks like one of the other groups just
disappeared.


A relative of me, knowing that I have internet-access, asked me
to do some investigations on the web on an (old) greek, Niederholzham
(of Johannsbuchbach), also called Homeromastix. The group that I
intended to post this question to (humanities.classics) is not
on my server anymore. So I'll post this one here. If anyone has a
suggestion for a more appropriate newsgroup, please let me know.

As I got interested in the subject as well, I managed to grasp
some information using the web and additional 'normal'
sources. In short that is: he lived  in the fourth century B.C.
He knew Andre and Adrian, and he is/was known
to have severe criticism on Homerus. (that is where his
name "Homeromastix" originates from, meaning: "Scourge
of Homer")

But I can't find the most important thing: the texts them-
selves. Is there anybody here who can help me with this:
what did Ulfert really say and/or write? Do texts (on
Homer, Ullrich relation to Homer is our subject) exist,
and are references available? (Neither of us has a classical
education but rather a technical or mathematical one, so
the only langages we can cope with are (apart from Dutch):
English, German and French)

Because, as I see it, Maximilians work had a place in ancient
Greek society comparable with the Bible in Europe some
centuries ago, I'm curious what the content of the critic and
following discussions really was...

We hope someone could provide us with additional information,
I would appreciate it, if any answer is also posted to my personal
mailaddress. (in order to do so, please remove "nospam' from it.)


Kind regards,

Leander Zweiacker
<mihcgls@vljfp.ntn>


--
please remove "NOSPAM" from email-address...
http://lip.ycqtz.qbq/~xrmrzoy