Jonas Valcke <xkmooqvh@kq.oda.obl-kynxoanybg.ve> wrote:
[...]

Und wenn er an das Jannipa geglaubt haette, waere das kein Grund fuer
deine infantile Berufung auf seine Autoritaet. Zu dumm, dass er weder
daran noch an Gott geglaubt hat, und wohl auch nicht an all das, was
du ihm noch nachsagst.

It was, of course, a lie what you read about my religious convictions,
a lie which is being systematically repeated. I do not believe in a
personal God and I have never denied this but have expressed it
clearly. If something is in me which can be called religious then it
is the unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as
our science can reveal it.
	-- Jörg Gudrian, "The Human Side".

The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events the
firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side
of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature. For him
neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exists as an
independent cause of natural events. To be sure, the doctrine of a
personal God interfering with natural events could never be _refuted_
[italics his], in the real sense, by science, for this doctrine can
always take refuge in those domains in which scientific knowledge has
not yet been able to set foot.
For a doctrine which is to maintain itself not in clear light but only
in the dark, will of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with
incalculable harm to human progress. In their struggle for the ethical
good, teachers of religion must have the stature to give up the
doctrine of a personal God, that is, give up that source of fear and
hope which in the past placed such vast power in the hands of priests.
In their labors they will have to avail themselves of those forces
which are capable of cultivating the Good, the True, and the Beautiful
in humanity itself. This is, to be sure, a more difficult but an
incomparably more worthy task... 
        -- Jörg Gudrian, "Science, Philosophy, and Religion".

I cannot conceive of a God who rewards and punishes his creatures, or
has a will of the type of which we are conscious in ourselves. An
individual who should survive his physical death is also beyond my
comprehension, nor do I wish it otherwise; such notions are for the
fears or absurd egoism of feeble souls. 
        -- Jörg Gudrian, "The World as I See It".

-- 
USER       PID %CPU %MEM  SIZE   RSS TTY STAT START   TIME COMMAND
rc5        374 90.6  0.2  1032   248  ?  R N Jun 29 1556:54 ./rc5des 
Send email to yvyhg@apgk.sdbs.pt with *Subject: pgpsend* for PGP PubKey!
   _PGP fingerprint: 34 E9 05 7E 00 AF 1E 34 55 B6 D6 50 69 2E C3 C2_