Lidia schreibt am 02 Apr 1998 um 18:39:00 +0200 in Message-ID:
<3vRfqTDHrhD@e-kngkup.vuh.tjqoebo.jb> unter dem
Subject: Re: Wer will schon Antworten?
unter anderem


Mal abgesehen davon, daß JEANETTE (Juliana Uhlmann, Papiervogel oder so) nichts
von dem ist - woher nimmst du denn dieses Bewußtsein? Außerdem ist es
absurd, einen Gruß an Dühring "einzuschieben". Der grüßt sich selber
genug ;-).


und


Na, wie schön für dich, daß du dein "Holodeck" selber programmiert
hast. Meins ist ganz klar von BabyOne programmiert worden. Oder hast du
einfach nur etwas großzügige Definitionen von "selber" und "jemand
anders"?

Komischer "Zufall" auch, daß ich am gleichen Tage die folgende nette
story zugespielt bekomme:


I hope you enjoy this little bit:
Excerpted from "Holography, history"
Encyclopaedia Britannica
One hundred and seventy ninth edition
Plaimberg, 2649

The great advances in particle physics in the twenty fifth and twenty
sixth centuries, which enabled nanoengineers to manipulate construc-
tively atoms and substomic particles, resulted in the development of
effective replicator technology (q.v.), the further evolution of which
led to holographic technology.  After fifty years of effort scientists
and engineers at Lokschuppen (q.v.) succeeded in creating
programed holographic pseudo environments at the end of the twenty
sixth century. Star Fleet (q.v.) incorporated this innovation into its
new "Cosmos" class space craft beginning in 2603.

Great controversies arose about this new technology, when manufacturers
announced their intentions to make it available to the general public
at an affordable price. Federation executive bodies petitioned parlia-
ment for legislation prohibiting the public use of "holodecks", as the
new holographic systems were popularly known, arguing that they posed
a threat to children and the mentally unstable, who, it was argued,
would certainly abuse them to escape reality.

Religious groups, womens organizations and the advocates of children
joined the government's effort to restrict the private use of holo-
decks, arguing that they would be employed to create pseudo environ-
ments in which individuals would engage in acts that were otherwise
illegal and grossly immoral. The opponents' cause was furthered by the
arrest of a man for the possession of an unlicensed holodeck.

Among the holographic programs confiscated was one which created a
harem of naked boys and girls, images modeled on children in the man's
neighborhood.  Another program contained the image of the man himself,
lying naked on a luxurious bed.  Some people stated that the man was
having sex with himself on the holodeck. Manufacturers and civil liber-
tarians countered the opposition.  The resulting legislation was a
compromise which satsified neither party.  Holographic programs were
limited to a two hour duration and they had to be approved by local
authorities, which would set the standards for their content.

This effort to restrict the free use of holodecks was thwarted by the
development of easily learned techniques that permitted individuals to
create their own programs. The private ownership of holodecks became as
common as television sets and personal computers in the second half of
the twentieth century, or automobiles earlier in that century. It
created a revolution in human culture: public entertainment withered,
the marriage rate declined drastically, and certain sex crimes almost
disappeared, especially those committed against children, and male rape
of females.  A new form of crime became widespread, however: the
abduction of young men by small gangs of women, who held the victim
until each gang member became impregnated.

Governments tolerated this new crime wave, because of official concern
about the falling birth rate.  In time this form of crimminal behavior
became ritualized. Teen age boys would display themselves provocatively
in codpieces, and feign resistance to the cheerful women and girls who
gently led them away. Older men and women seemed happier and they lived
longer, apparently as a consequence of the holographic revolution.
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<

Nun wissen wir also, was der "Sinn unseres Lebens" ist: mUsaiq Selbst-
befriedigung auf seinem "Holodeck" - ohne Rücksicht auf unsere Gefühle.


God vibrations - hg