Someone wrote (I'm not sure who):


Let me have a stab at this.  Does the following make sense?...

I believe within my own reality that a physical world outside my mind exists. 
And both my brain and my head exist in this physical world, and my brain is
physically located in my head.  Futhermore, I believe that my brain contains the
very mechanisms for my mind and allows my mind to construct my own reality. 
How?  I don't know, but there is evidence that the brain is somehow connected
with my mind and, therefore, reality.

I think this answers the question.  It all makes sense and appears real to me,
and it's not paradoxical at all to me.  

Maybe what allows me to accept this is that I consider the outside world, though
real to me, not reality itself.  Reality itself is in my mind.  And I accept
this because I believe that talking about reality only makes sense when there is
a mind to perceive reality in the first place.  No mind --> no reality to talk
about.

Well, that's how I see it...


What's so hard about this question?  My common sense says that my physical brain
is in my physical head.  I'm happy with this conclusion.  Do I need to say
more?  Am I missing something?

Add like to pose some questions.  First, if reality is what is real, and the
mind judges what is real or not, then isn't reality relative to the mind that
eventually constructs the reality from the mind's judgements?  In other words, 
isn't reality, defined this way, by its nature relative?

Second, if the mind decides what is real or not, does it make sense to talk
about an absolute reality that is supposed to hold with the absence of any
minds?  

Third, if absolute reality is what is real _period_ and if only one individual
believes that any one part of this absolute reality is unreal, then doesn't the
absolute reality fall apart?

Fourth, what is absolute reality?  Is it reality or actually something else? 
Could it be the intersection of everybody's relative realities?  Does the
intersection of n realities constitute a reality or something else?

Last, what is reality?  Shouldn't reality be what is real?  Or is
"philosophical" reality different than ordinary reality?

-- Vlfx
nggzb@yeptlns.qzd