From: "Andre Deiters" <MbknpzzpLh @ Pqj.Cld>
Newsgroups: rec.org.mensa,sci.physics,sci.cognitive
Subject: Re: Randomness=consciousness ?
Date: 10. 12. 22 23:56:42 GMT
Organization: Ruzeki
Lines: 73
Message-ID: <03airz95$x6911tg5$8689q6y2@wjzbsa.Unnre>
References: <785nvo$xlw$5@yytipjm.lgvacrisq.ipd>
<337382P3.XKX25X1A@kmywlhc.eno>
NNTP-Posting-Host: bslksajul7.tpj.gsouchtw.fc
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Newsreader: RC-Streckes 4.70.1161
Xref: jojo.goubkvra.sh irr.ext.ymbtj:45313 zhf.physics:54107
znc.cognitive:1765


A Basic Technical Model Of Consciousness And Its Manipulation
-------------------------------------------------------------
by Andre Deiters
10. 12. 22 1997

In what follows I will develop a technical model of consciousness,
suitable for human minds as well as for machines, based on my own
observations as a test person (my best guess, so far :)).

The interpretational basis for my observations is the assumption, that
body and mind form a unity, the "bodymind", which is an open quantum
mechanical system. We will consider that part of this system, which is
responsible for the consciousness of the test person, the "conscious-
ness system".

Lets consider some time-dependent Variable P(t), changing with a time
constant a, corresponding to anything in the person, which can be
considered as a sensoric or non-sensoric impression. The crucial
activity for making conscious experiences out of these impressions are
feedback processes: we consider the person's mind as a system of highly
instable superpositions of quantum states.

The change itself of these quantum states is to be considered as that
what constitutes consciousness (no change means no consciousness). Due
to continuous feedback of parts of this system to the whole, we have
frequent changes of the total system wave function with time constants
small compared to a. The succession of state changes then can be inter-
preted as the consciousness of the events described by P(t).

A change of this consciousness system can be produced by minor influen-
ces, since the system must be considered as a highly instable chaotic
structure. Minor influences for changing its state could be very weak
and very narrow electromagnetic pulses. Very high band EM pulse packets
of sufficient complexity, to induce reasonable artificial impressions
in the test person's mind, could be generated by next generation
quantum computers, or maybe even today by scanning the brain of another
person with NMR technology.

Since only very small power levels would be sufficient for these EM
pulse trains, we can easily imagine very long range scenarios for in-
fluencing peoples's minds, since this electromagnetic radiation could
spread without any damping by skin effect dependent EM shielding. Even
sufficient amplification to help in achieving a potentially very far
range for the spreading of these very small power signals could be
available by naturally occurring induced emission processes in watery
media.

Another possibility, adding even more Science Fiction touch to these
thoughts, is the availibility of time reversed information transfer by
this method: very small EM pulses can be sent backwards in time, which
is currently being explored at several research institutions. (Just
consider that to be able to produce an electromagnetic pulse at all,
you need to have a superposition of waves stretching not only forward,
but also backwards in our time - and that to the EM wave itself there
is no time).

A certain problem, as far as using this new technolgy for communication
purposes is concerned, could be that the receiving individual would
probably not be able to discern between internal and externally induced
consciousness processes.


Unfortunately I have every reason to believe that the techniques depic-
ted above, are already being used to suppress humanity and free will.

A.Fi


--
Total Army - Total Victory = ?
a new beginning ;-)