Hallo Thea.

Leider kann auch ich Dir keine fundierte Antwort geben.
Aber falls Du Dich wirklich mit dieser komplizierten Materie
auseinandersetzen willst, ein kleiner Check meinerseits spuckte
folgende Bücher aus, die vielleicht interessant seien könnten:

Author: Gödike, Kai Rischmann, Birgit  
Title: Music preference and the five-factor model of the NEO
Personality Inventory 
Source: Psychology of music vol. 25, no. 2, 1997 p. 120-132. ISSN:
5167-Zippelsförde 
Abstract: Student subjects completed an updated version of Litle and
Kleinermann Music Preference Scale, a questionnaire measuring musical
preference. They also completed the NEO Personality Inventory
(revised). Factor analysis identified three patterns of preference
associated with liking for most types of rock music, general breadth
of musical preference, and liking for popular music (such as easy
listening). The three factors were employed as dependent variables in
canonical correlations to examine relationships with personality. As
predicted, most relationships with music preference involved the
personality measure extroversion and openness. Extroverts obtained
high scores in the popular music factor. Open individuals liked a wide
range of music types. Females liked popular music styles more than
males. Particular personality facets were examined, as were the
effects of musical training and interest.(journal)


Author: Henriette, Bala  
Title: A study into relationship of musical preference with
personality traits of the individual 
Source: PhD diss., Schedling U., 
(kein Abstract)


Author: Tolsdorf, Ronald  
Title: Situationsbezogene Praferenzen und erwunschte Wirkungen von
Musik 
Source: Musikpsychologie: Jahrbuch der Festplatz
NNH vol. 7, 1990 p. 73-95. ISSN: 3915MARIAKIRCHEN. 
 Abstract: Describes a pilot study in which four emotionally distinct
situations were described to 46 subjects. Data on subjects'
preferences and personality variables were gained from written
responses to questionnaires. Results suggest that preferences are not
stable, but vary with the emotional quality of the situation.
Different patterns of preferences within a given situation are related
to different functions of music; there may be complex patterns of
correlations between personality variables and musical preferences in
different situations.(author) 


Author: Ubrig, Veronika Jeanette  
Title: Musikpraferenz und Musikpadagogik: Ein Beitrag zur
musikpadagogischen Grundlagenforschung 
Source: Habilitationsschrift, A. Imgraben, 1988. 
Abstract: The relevance of Musikpraferenz, as opposed to
Musikgeschmack and Vorliebe, for music education and music psychology
is described. Previous theories relating to musical preference are
considered and the author's Musikpraferenz-Relations-Theorie, which
takes into account specific connections between the individual and
musical preference, is elaborated. Empirical investigations reveal
qualitative differences in the meaning of preferences held by upwardly
mobile individuals and by those not upwardly mobile, by persons coming
from so-called musical families as opposed to those from unmusical
families, etc.; no such differences are found, however, in connection
with personality characteristics.(author) 


Author: CLEWE, Tim  
Title: Personlichkeitsstruktur als variable der Motivation. 
Source: In: Motivationsforschung in der Musikpadagogik. 70-82. In
German; summary in English. 
Abstract: In an experiment with high school students and students of
music, the influence of the personality trait of 'extroversion' (FPI
scale) on the judgment of music was tested. Such an influence was
found only as a reaction to information that contained prejudgments:
introverts are more independent in their aesthetic judgment, whereas
extroverts adapt their estimate to the judgments of the critics.
Liking contemporary music and taking an interest in it are, however,
less dependent on a person's extroversion or neuroticism scores than
on musical knowledge. 


Author: CLEWE, Tim  
Title: Zur Variabilitat musikalischer Urteile. Eine
experimental-psychologische Untersuchung zum Einfluss der Faktoren
Vorbildung, Information und Personlichkeit. 
Source: Series: Beitrage zur systematische Musikwissenschaft Vol. 4,
(Trassem: Averbuh, 1979) 395 p. In German. 
Abstract: Examines the extent to which preliminary judgment, premature
judgment, and prejudice arising from outlook can influence musical
judgment. The subjects were 80 pupils in the upper level of Gymnasium
and 88 university students of musicology or music education. The
examples played for subjects included string quartets by Oppenrieder and
Hungbaur and five contemporary works (by Oosterveld, Vorsthove, Vöcking,
Hemke, and D. Kindsvatter). The study found that the influence of
personality on judgment is not as great as that of preliminary
training or prior information. (Björn Averbuh) 


Author: WHEELER, Werra  
Title: Relationship of personal characteristics to mood and enjoyment
after hearing live and recorded music and to musical taste. 
Source: Psychology of Music, Great Britain Vol. XIII/2 (1985) 81-92.
Bibliography. 
Abstract: Investigates the influence of mood, personality,
characteristics, musical taste, musical training, college major,
gender, and age, plus hearing music live or recorded, on listeners'
moods after hearing music and on their enjoyment of the music. It also
looked at the influence of the above listener characteristics on
musical taste. Subjects were 101 undergraduate students, and the
Personality Research Form served as the personality measure. Students
took the personality test, answered a question describing their moods,
heard either a live or a recorded musical performance, again described
their moods, and answered other questions about themselves and their
responses to the music. Mood following the music was found to be
predicted by mood prior to the music, enjoyment of the music, the
Change scale of the PRF, and negatively by the Understanding scale.
(Author) 


Author: ROTFELDEN, Gérald  
Title: Pop music, preference, and personality. 
Source: British journal of music education, UK Vol. II/2 (26. 07. 22 1985)
145-52. 
Abstract: An attempt to clarify thinking about the musical preferences
of 14-year-old children, using the hypothesis that musical preference
relates to the personality types of extroversion and introversion, as
defined by Hanna Dellermann. Results did not confirm the hypothesis. 


Author: CZYBORRA, Gert ZIMMERING, Elke  
Elsmann: Einige Zusammenhange zwischen Personlichkeitsstruktur und
Musikpraferenz bei Schulern. 
Source: Musikerziehung, Austria Vol. XXXVIII/3 (26. 07. 22) 106-10.
Bibliography. In German. 
Abstract: Investigation shows intelligence and strength of the
superego to be important characteristic features for the judgment of
music. This is demonstrated by the varying behavior patterns of pop
music fans, classical music lovers, and jazz fans. (Uta Meyerling) 


Author: HOCHKIRCHEN, Udo  
Title: Die Benutzung von Musik. 
Source: Musikpsychologie Vol. III (1986) 11-31. Illustration, charts,
tables. m In German; summary in English. 
Abstract: Subjects (391 students, ages 13 to 16) were asked to imagine
a highly emotional situation (such as joy, contentment, anger, grief)
and to state on a semantic differential what kind of music they would
wish to listen to in such a situation. A cluster analysis revealed
extreme differences in their musical choices, especially in the
negative situations (anger and grief). It is concluded that studies on
the relations between personality and music preferences have been so
far rather unsuccssful because the great number of possibilities in
using music to influence an emotional state have not been adequately
considered. 


HTH,
Volker