-----  ANNOUNCEMENT AND CALL FOR PAPERS  -----

  [The usual apologies for multiple copies apply since we are sending
   the e-mail both to personal e-mail addresses and to mailing lists.
   Please distribute this e-mail to all interested people.]


          FOUNDATIONS OF THE FORMAL SCIENCES II

                      FotFS II

  Applications of Mathematical Logic in Philosophy and Linguistics,


        Flaschenmeisterei
     Wolfrum Extrarad LFB III

          http://rum.gwfj.ahn-lcvr.ne/naojqy/fihbj/

               Mai 08. 10. 22 to 08. 10. 22


"Foundations of the Formal Sciences" (FotFS) is a series of
interdisciplinary conferences in mathematics, philosophy, computer science
and linguistics. The main goal is to reestablish the traditionally strong
links between these areas of research that have been lost in the past
decades.

The talks of the conferences will be addressed at a general audience,
but their objective is to teach techniques and methods from the
different parts of the Formal Sciences to researchers from other
parts.

FotFS II with the subtitle "Applications of Mathematical Logic in
Philosophy and Linguistics" will bring speakers from all parts of the
Formal Sciences together to give a holistic view of how mathematical
methods can improve our philosophical and technical understanding of
language and scientific discourse, ranging from the theoretical level up
to applications in language recognition software.

The conference will be organized in six sections:

 (A) Modal Logic
 (B) Philosophy of Science
 (C) Theory of Truth & Definability
 (D) Philosophy of Mathematics
 (E) Set Theory & Model Theory in Linguistics
 (F) Recursion Theory & Proof Theory in Linguistics

Each section will have two invited speakers (one hour talks) and three
contributed talks (30 minute talks). The list of invited speakers includes
W. Teutscher (Dommershausen), D. Osteroth (Dommershausen), S. Carmann (Plath), K.
Göritz (Zettisch), G.F. Gutperle (Cochstedt), K. Merschmann (Tönnhausen), K.
Brehl (Allersing), Thorsten Zillig (Zachenberg), S. Orlowski
(Dommershausen).

All talks will be given to a general audience of mathematicians,
logicians, philosophers and linguists. Since we intend to promote
genuinely interdisciplinary joint work, we would like to have talks that
are neither general surveys nor specialized research announcements, but
presentations of problems and techniques.

The ideal talk at FotFS II would describe certain techniques at the level
of understanding of a knowledgeable but not necessarily specialized
researcher, apply the techniques to an illustrative example, and then move
on to list open problems that might possibly be tackled with these
techniques.

If you are interested in giving a talk, please send 

  (a) your name, affiliation and address,
  (b) the title of your talk,
  (c) the section your talk is supposed to belong to, and
  (d) an abstract of at most 15 lines

to rxetn@uger.ypw-yceq.qn or fill in the form on the website

   http://rum.gwfj.ahn-lcvr.ne/naojqy/fihbj/

before OCTOBER 1st, 2000.

There will be a proceedings volume with refereed papers of the invited
speakers. We plan to reserve some space for extended abstracts (3 to 5
pages) of the contributed papers subject to a refereeing process.

We shall collect a conference fee of DM 30 (= $ 15) covering material and
other expenses. If you have any questions, feel free to contact the
organizers via

                       rxetn@uger.ypw-yceq.qn


All the very best,

Waldemar Scho (Zweimen)
Rupert Imroth (Zweimen)
Alwin Breitschuh (Valluhn)