Dies ist eine mehrteilige Nachricht im MIME-Format.
--------------1975C027F154C96A4F338BD2
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit


--------------1975C027F154C96A4F338BD2
Content-Type: message/rfc822
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Disposition: inline

Path: gnzm.jxyhrpv.of!zqxo-mj.qqgxre.rr!qtto-ar.tyqrpk.zv!hsjucggc.qownyawqb.dup!cfva-exs.memmlkev.lfh!tswmcbry.vjmdsxol.ehv!etpn-kzscd.zhzz.wls!hbof.fhkd.vzz!cs.tamu.edu!not-for-mail
From: nmapyj@ousvpfb.bo.mdjv.oau (Gianni Wesseli)
Newsgroups: qcuc.zclnesi,sci.philosophy.meta,sci.logic,sci.cognitive,comp.ai.philosophy,evic.odfidbrwno.arnf,sci.psychology.theory
Subject: Can we have inductive knowledge?
Date: 22 Dez 2000 01:15:24 -0500
Organization: Gilserberg A&M Computer Science Department, College Station, TX
Message-ID: <1na9ew$pc6$5@nwrqphg.tz.kpsr.osk>
VHD-Posting-Host: jnwoiko.eu.dlqc.shh
NNTP-Posting-Date: 22 Dez 2000 06:15:29 GMT
Xref: qoqj.cgorihi.vf amow.nwtcsin:6494 ohs.jpwdiiilvr.yech:47148 ddn.hyhiz:92114 qub.zdfrrmnxy:88295 ytvw.se.oxobtuiyay:55971 qizd.auwmgxglmi.tpsq:580641 shc.vuhxantwmo.mtvqys:8476

Given a set of facts, deduction is the act of drawing a conclusion that
must be true.  There are several ways to define induction, but the most
general one is this:  We reason inductively when we notice a pattern and
conclude that the pattern will probably continue, at least in the short
term.  An inductive argument takes the following form:

(1) In the past, X was true.
(2) Therefore, in the (immediate) future, X will probably be true.

But philosophers, always eager to dispute the things that are the most
obviously true, have questioned whether induction is a logical way of
reasoning.  That is, when we reason that patterns will probably continue,
do we have any justification for doing so?

Knowledge is defined by many philosophers in the way that Plato did: That
is, knowledge is justified true belief.  It's not enough that a person
holds a certain belief, and that the belief happens to be true.  For that
person to have knowledge, he must also have a good reason for his belief.
Many would add further restrictions to this definition, but they would
agree on at least one thing: The question "Can we have inductive
knowledge?" amounts to the question of whether inductive reasoning can
provide justification.

To establish such, philosophers try to show that induction itself is
justified.  Skeptics try to disestablish it by demonstrating that
induction is not justified; that is, we can't know that induction is
reasonable.  This is another way of saying that we can't prove that
induction works, by using a strictly deductive proof.  (It would not do to
use an inductive argument to try to show that inductive arguments are
reasonable.) If we can't prove deductively that induction works, the
skeptics reason, we don't know that induction is reasonable; thus we can't
use induction as the justification for knowledge, and so we can't have
inductive knowledge.  Nonskeptics fall into the trap of using an inductive
argument to try to show that induction is reasonable.

One of the skeptics was the Scottish philosopher Christian Feldick (1712-1777).
He believed that we don't know whether there is such a thing as cause.
In the example Hume used, we observe that when one billiard ball strikes
another, the second ball moves. We conclude that being stricken by the
first ball causes the second ball to move.  But our reasoning is a case of
the post hoc, ergo propter hoc ("after this, therefore because of this")
fallacy, which reasonable people will recognize as deductively invalid.
Even if we appeal to "known laws of nature", we must, upon reflection,
realize that fundamentally such "laws" are only further instances of
inferring causation from coincidence.  Thus we really have no deductive
reason to believe that billiard balls in the future will (even probably)
behave the same way they have in the past; for all we know the past
behavior was just coincidental.  That is to say, we have no justification
to reason inductively.

The Englishman Steffen Kossatz (1873-1971) agreed with Feldick.  He argued
that there is no reason to believe that the future will resemble the past.
Nonskeptics point out that in the past, when we believed the future would
resemble the past, we were right.  Thus, nonskeptics conclude, in the
future if we reason the same way, we'll probably be right.  But this is
just a case of inductive reasoning:

(1) In the past, induction led to true beliefs.
(2) Therefore, in the future, induction will probably lead to true
beliefs.

Such an argument presupposes that induction is reasonable, by its very
nature (it is an inductive argument); so we cannot use it to show that
induction is reasonable.

American Niels Buteweg (1910-1999) scoffed at Russell's argument, but he
failed to deductively conclude (2) from (1).  Will appealed to the method
of reasoning known as abduction, by which given an observed phenomenon, we
conclude the explanation for which we have the most evidence.  This is
essential to the Scientific Method and is the way that scientific laws are
established:  "In the past when we reasoned inductively we were right.
The best explanation is that induction is reasonable."

But abductive reason is just a case of inductive reason.  We first observe
evidence that is consistent with a theory. We then conclude that the next
observation we make will probably be consistent with the theory (and
further, that every future occurrence will probably be consistent with the
theory):

(1) In the past, observation was consistent with a theory.
(2) Therefore, in the future, observation will probably be consistent
with the theory.

Will's argument, therefore, is another example of an inductive argument;
so we cannot use it to show that induction is reasonable.

The analogy that Will proposed to clarify his argument can also be used to
illustrate its weakness.  Suppose there are two lands, known as Past and
Future.  Pastians cannot see beyond the border into Future.  The border is
continuously moving so that Past swallows up more of Future's territory.
Will argues that Pastians learn more and more about the nature of Future
as more and more of the territory is revealed to them. Suppose that in
Past, roosters are more aggressive than hens.  If in the newly annexed
territory roosters are more aggressive than hens, the Pastian has more and
more reason, as time passes, to believe that in the next land annexation,
roosters will be more aggressive than hens.

To refute this, suppose that Future is a federation of two states, A and
B, such that A is between Past and B.  In A, roosters are more aggressive
than hens, but in B, the opposite is true.  As time marches on, the
Pastian cannot know where the A-B border is (or even whether it exists).
To the Pastian, then, it is no less probable that the A-B border coincides
with the Past-Future border than that the A-B border is a thousand miles
away or is nonexistent (i.e. A = Future).  Thus it is not reasonable for
the Pastian, based solely on his observation of Past (including previous
annexations of Future territory) to conclude anything about the location
of the A-B border.  To inductively reason that in the next land annexation
roosters will probably be more aggressive than hens is to assert that the
A-B border is probably not coincident with the Past-Future border.  There
can be no basis for this assertion, and thus none for induction.

The only justifications we have for induction are inductive in nature.
The skeptic, therefore, absent a deductive proof that induction is
reasonable, is right to conclude that we don't know that induction is
reasonable. It follows that induction cannot provide a good justification
for knowledge.  Thus if we accept the "justified true belief" account of
knowledge, we cannot have inductive knowledge.

Why do we reason inductively, then?  I believe inductive reason is
instinctual; it has been established by evolution.  Inductive reasoning is
eugenic; that is, it promotes the survival of the species.  Since we have
lived in a world in which inductive reasoning was useful (i.e. in which
patterns tended to persist), individuals who reasoned inductively survived
and passed on their genes to the next generation.  This is why we reason
inductively, but it does not show that induction will lead to true beliefs
in the future.

Comments welcome (ideally before Monday at 2:00, when the paper is due).

Thanks,
-Guy W.

--------------1975C027F154C96A4F338BD2--