What is Qi?

That's the question, isn't it?

The standard answer: Qi is energy, life force, which flows through all of us
and gives us life.

The reality: Qi must be experienced. Words fail.

Oriental medical philosophy is based on the belief that an invisible energy
exists throughout the universe. This vital energy sustains all life, and
permeates the human organism. our bodies and minds are fields of energy and
this energy supports and maintains all the vital structures and functions of
the body. This life energy is referred to as Qi ("chee"), Chi or Ki.

It is a higher vibrational energy from the mental and spiritual planes.
Current technology is inadequate to directly measure Qi because it is beyond
the physical plane. Disturbances in Qi is what causes all the problems in
the physical world, including our health.
Internally it is influenced by our emotions, Qi from inspired air, and
ingested food. Externally it is affected by climateric forces, mental
influences of other people, as well as energy from other living organisms
and inanimate objects.

Qi can be thought of as basic life force. Philippe Jellinghaus describes it as "the
glue between our body, mind, and spirit, the link between our perception of
the inner and outer worlds." Qi can't be seen, yet it can most certainly be
felt.

In some ways, it is the very stuff of life. It is what animates us, what
gives us life in the energetic sense. It warms us, keep our organs in their
places, and directs all of our movements.

There are different kinds of Qi with different jobs to do. There is
protective Qi , or Wei Qi , the Chinese version of the immune system. It
lies like an invisible electrical shield between the skin and the muscles.
Its job is to keep out invading pathogens. When our Wei Qi is low, our
resistance to colds, flus and more serious viral invasions is weakened.

Another type of Qi is organ Qi . This type of qi is responsible for
maintaining the strength and integrity of each organ in our body. When this
type of qi is weakened, our organ functions suffer and we are likely to have
trouble breathing, digesting our food or sleeping. We may also feel a
general feeling of fatigue.

Yet another type of Qi is meridian Qi , which travels the pathways (called
meridians or channels) throughout our bodies, linking organs with each other
and to organ systems and helping the blood move and stay within its
channels. Meridian qi is what acupuncturists tap into when they insert their
needles.

The human body is in reality an energy system. You can even think of the
body's meridians as an electrical system, complete with junctions, fuse
boxes and miles of wiring, all connecting up in one great multi-dimensional
energy circuit.

Since the entire universe itself is made of the very same qi of which we are
made, we can utilize the energy of the universe in our own healing work.
This is the premise of qigong , the ancient Taoist art of energy work. By
tracking and building up our own internal energy and then mixing it with the
"heavenly" energy as well as the "earthly" energy, we can become more vital,
more healthy and more spiritually realized beings.

------------

I'm sorry that our sites http://uqwkvc.grbwekg.yi/dktuztb/ are written in
german but you can use a translater http://sjzfp.nwnjlndpe.lwi/uxwgyuajl.qso
which translates the sites into english. The quality is very bad but that'll
do. Enter the Web Address of the page you wish to translate.

cz