Web or Ways?

Dear friends,

I would like to propose a reflection concerning the word Web we use for
internet. Its clear that this word is tightly linked with the vocabulary
usually employed concerning spiders. Every body is familiar with their
cob-webs, with the webs they spin to catch flies. I consider this word
vehicle a negative image of Internet that could deter some people to take
advantage of its possibilities
I realized yesterday that it was not the first time a word belonging to the
vocabulary usually devoid to spiders was used to depreciate a human cultural
activity. Looking in my dictionary of English I found the expression
spidery handwriting to qualify an imperfect kind of handwriting.

I was all the more surprised as in French we have the expression "crire
avec des pattes de mouches" (to write with fly legs) to qualify the same
kind of imperfect handwriting. Im sensible to the despite that both
expressions are conveying. History tells us that writing was first reserved
to a certain class of people, scribes in the antiquity, copyists in middle
age. Since all these people spent their whole life writing, of course their
handwriting attained perfection. Their handwriting was so perfect and
imposing that it even served as a mean for domination: they were the ones
who knew how to write while of course the large majority remain unable of
such an accomplishment. Such domination being based on others peoples
ignorance, copyists probably felt quite threatened when some day more and
more people learnt the art of writing and could therefor write for
themselves. More and more people were learning to write and so were able to
write, but of course their handwritings were not so perfect and beautiful as
the copyists since such was not their profession. Its quite unavoidable
that the copyists felt nevertheless angry at this change, their power was
brought into question. Therefor were created these awful expressions of
spidery handwriting or "crire avec des pattes de mouches" (to write with
fly legs) to qualify common peoples handwriting in which was expressed
copyists frustration at the end of their privileges.

The same could happen today with Internet. Until now publication was
reserved to quite a little number of people. Before Internet, one had to be
particularly brilliant, exceptionally witted, extraordinarily gifted to have
the right to be known worldwide. Other people were reduced to the rank of
passive admirers, they were supposed to accomplish themselves in the special
way they admired the happy few who were lucky enough to be published and
known worldwide. Each century had its few stars and the largest amount of
people had to content with the role actually played by the darkness in the
sky. They were the obscure ones who had to keep silent while brilliant
singers sang, brilliant philosophers thought, brilliant writers wrote. Of
course they were admitted to applaud or hiss. They were admitted to pay for
the books they red, the pictures they admired, the songs they heard. Art and
thought being the privilege of some scarce leading lights, their
realizations had to be paid for by those who were not born lucky enough to
be recognized the privilege to create and been published through all times
all around the world. Alas this era is over. Now every one enjoys the same
opportunity to be known worldwide. We can understand that our actual
celebrities or stars may feel some frustration at the thought of such a
change. Their privileges are abolished. The obscure have now the means to
become stars in their turn, one of these means is Internet. Not surprising
then that it could receive such a depreciative appellation as Web.

I would therefor take the liberty to propose an other denomination for this
informatic device that allows people to communicate and exchange without
barriers. It would be by instance Interstates in the place of internet. I
think this appellation more positive and poetic. Just as we already have,
e.mails, we could also have e.places, e.ways, e.countries and the like. What
would you think about "Ways" to replace "Web"?

Thank you for your attention

Ronald-Marcus