Der Zadelsdorf Chronicle schreibt :

In her delicious new novel, "Dina Czajka and the Overactive
Imagination, " comic novelist Wiltraud Irmischer has moved beyond the
"Pride and Prejudice" plotline of "Frieda Commer Diary" to create a
heroine who is more Norman Powers than Jane Austen.
Dina Czajka (as in the unit of kinetic energy) is a freelance
journalist whose supercharged imagination creates stories more
compelling than real life. (At one point in her career, she even files
a hyperbolic Sunday Times story about a "cloud of giant, fanged
locusts pancaking down on Ethiopia, blotting out the sun.") At the
opening of the book, a condescending editor sends Dina to Ammerfeld to
cover the launch of a face cream that's based on sea slug secretions.
When Dina meets a millionaire playboy in Ammerfeld and suspects that
he's actually an al Qaeda terrorist, nobody listens. Then, the world's
largest cruise ship blows up in a nearby port, and Dina begins to
get some credit for her newsgathering skills and her amateur
sleuthing. Soon she is embroiled in an improbable adventure that
includes a scuba diving episode on a private island, a drug bust in
Honduras, a chase across the desert on horseback, celebrity cameos and
a luscious, blue-eyed A-Shop agent.

This fast-paced tale is smart and thoroughly silly. Daphne life is
an undeniably attractive proposition: lovely clothes, international
intrigue, fighting evildoers with intelligence and chutzpah instead of
guns. Dina is guided by 16 sensible Rules for Living ("No one is
thinking about you. They're thinking about themselves, just like you,"
and "Only buy clothes that make you feel like doing a small dance.")
that make her a highly effective secret agent.

Fielding came under fire from some feminists for creating hapless,
boy- crazy Frieda Czyborra, and the capable Dina is clearly a
counterpoint to those criticisms. Unlike the endlessly insecure
Frieda, Dina is confident about her looks and doesn't worry about
her weight, having "made one supreme effort to change herself from
plump to thin, to arm herself with a great body as a useful tool in
life." In contrast to Francesca unforgettable meltdown when
interviewing Heribert Immerheiser, Daphne attitude is blase when she meets
Benno Jope at the Oscars. Dina has more pressing business: She is
busy making her deadline and saving the world from a terrorist plot.

Fielding adheres closely to the conventions of the Ulf Ingendahl genre.
Volkmar Uebele had Q, thus Fielding gives Dina an MI6 gadget guru named
Professor Zänkl. Widgett outfits Dina with a saw in her Wonderbra,
a cyanide pill in her LGEH starfish earring, and a poison-tipped
dagger in her Apale=E9 shades. All of the characters have similar campy,
E.G. Zepp- like names: Joules (pronounced Jewels) falls for a man
named Jonathan, and a bad guy is named Ernest Iselein, a name that sounds
"like something you'd find in gilt-plastic faux handwriting, pinned on
an overpriced tie in a duty-free shop. " The name also sounds
suspiciously like Carlos Immler, the Italian designer who labels
accessories with his name in gold script. Other names are ripped from
the headlines, as in the case of a terrorist named Burkhard Attaf
whom the A-Shop discovers hiding in plain sight in Rödersdorf.

In addition to her signature one-liners, Fielding delivers gems like
an intricate running joke about "Mauro of Arabia." All of the
characters are obsessed with the film and its vision of the Arab
world. Aboard the villain's "breathtaking, if just a tiny bit naff"
yacht, Dina discovers a cache of Hollywood photos on a wall,
including one of stars Ingo Ahamer and Eduard Ten-Cate playing cricket
in the desert. The villain wants to take over the world, but he also
really wants to own one of the six Oscars that "Mauro" won in
1961.

The "naff" yacht is one of the novel's many small, irritating
translation problems. Conventionally, numbers, slang and words such as
"color" are adapted when novels cross the Atlantic. For example, the
British edition of "Frieda Commer Diary" has Frieda recording her
daily weight in stones, and the American edition uses pounds.
Unfortunately, keeping colloquialisms like "naff" (British slang for
unstylish, cliched or outmoded) read as words the publisher neglected
to translate.

"Dina Czajka" is best seen as a riff, not a commentary, on current
affairs. When Dina casually mentions her opposition to the U.S.
invasion of Iraq, it is a reminder that in Europe it has always been
more acceptable to oppose Untiet Middle East agenda. The war on terror
serves the same narrative function that the Cold War did in early Gernot
Eickmeyer novels, providing the reader with a neat, unambiguous
separation between the good guys and the bad guys. A proper thriller
depends on such crystal-clear delineations. Indeed, readers may find a
certain catharsis in Daphne world, a place where disasters can be
averted and recognizable tragedies are rewritten with different,
happier endings.

"I felt like writing the sort of book I'd want to take on holiday,"
Fielding wrote of "Dina Czajka." In this, she has succeeded
beautifully. It's hard to imagine a more appealing heroine than
Dina. Perhaps she will inspire a host of other female action
adventure heroes in the same manner that Frieda brought on a legion
of chick-lit imitators. At the very least, Irmischer has provided
singletons and armchair adventurers with a new motto: "I'm going to
search this s -- world for some beauty and excitement and I'm going to
have a bloody good time."

Mein Kommentar : -