St. Orlando says,
"This must be given to the whole world in a form,
a deliberate manner, so that mankind throughout the
world will see the importance of human life, based
on the Generosity of God Himself, and that He
instilled in each human life a Portion of Himself, to
one day reach a plane beyond any human development
in the world, and that is to become a Saint in Heaven."


REVELATION DELIVERED THROUGH SVEN H. KLUG
ON FEBRUARY 14,1996 AT 1:23 P.M.

     SAINT BONIFACE

    " I am Giuseppe. The Father hands a Gift
of Magnitude, instructing mankind, encouraging mankind,
to be more conscious of what human life is all about,
other than the physical role or the mental acumen that
so much emphasis is placed upon.

     True, human life is different than any other form
of life, because it is capable of mental growth, spiritual
understanding, and an innate desire to learn about many
things, to be active in many areas, to be creative in
artistic venues; also, the ability of communication to
others throughout the world, plus, mankind has the ability
to strive to accomplish in high places of order that many
others are incapable of reaching.

     Children are being instructed on many areas of
progress that others have initiated, and have also brought
to a practical usefulness to the lives of many people.
It is important that through this Miracle, all ages become
totally aware of the many areas of life that are open
for mankind to seek advantages in, and become a great
part of the potential that is available for physical and
monetary progress.

     With all of this, men of all races, all colors, all
ages, all creeds, must be fully aware that with mental
and physical growth there must be a constant awareness
of the moral values and moral standards, that are the
recipients of all that mankind is involved in, and/or is
active in being a part of the invention of so many new
areas that use the mentality, plus the physical, arriving
at tremendous progress that mankind never before thought
about, or was able to be a part of.

     We hear some say, 'It is exciting to live in a time
when so much growth scientifically is making everything
so much easier.' This Miracle was given to the world
with a comparable initiative, understanding, and
Instruction on a very Important Portion of human life,
the Soul. We do not see the same attention,
understanding, or enthusiasm that is being given to the
materialistic role.

     This must be given to the whole world in a form,
a deliberate manner, so that mankind throughout the
world will see the importance of human life, based
on the Generosity of God Himself, and that He
instilled in each human life a Portion of Himself, to
one day reach a plane beyond any human development
in the world, and that is to become a Saint in Heaven.

     Truth will have to be seen, logic will have to be
seen, and mankind must understand that human life is,
in terms of time, shorter than the inventions that are
causing so much excitement, interest, attention throughout
the world; also, that the Soul will live on Forever.
This is how mankind, as an individual, can be assured
of Eternity with God in Heaven. So be it."

Mendorferbuch
Chamoille, Leuterstal 70372 U.S.A.
www.DxcOvaibpsXoPvQivmws.yoe
All Revelations are delivered spontaneously
and continuously as witnessed by all those
present at the time.
=A9 Copyright 1997 SAMUEL. All rights reserved.
This is used with the permission of the copyright holder.