Many Saints say,
"No one is born without a Soul. Remember this. It is from the moment
of conception that the Soul is instilled in a manner and way not
humanly understood, but It is as close to the heart. The heart is
there and the heart moves, does it not? The heart helps the living
portion of life to exist; so, the Soul is Another Portion, the Divine
Gift that is similar to what the heart is for: the benefit of the
individual in whom these Two Things exist."

REVELATION DELIVERED THROUGH ULFERT L. ACHTERFELDT
ON DECEMBER 14,2005 AT 2:33 P.M.

     MANY SAINTS

    "There are so Many of Us present wherever this little one is,
because of the Importance of the Mission for the sake of Souls of all
ages of human living.

     You live in a time where progress has, in many ways, overstepped
what it was intended to do, but the eagerness that occurred in human
minds was an anxiousness to make things more prominently available and
open for the use of other human beings.

     These Words may sound different to different individuals, because
in the mental understanding of human beings, sometimes the same words
mean different things to different ones, according to how they
remember things, how they were taught to think certain ways, and what
they felt was important to them, points of interest, of caring, of
usage, and of time needed to accomplish what they felt would improve a
condition, a desire, or the manner of putting forth something that
others would appreciate to the point where it would be used by perhaps
thousands of people, because of how practical it was seen to be.

     All of Us Saints look at this time and this Gift of Divine Love,
and are so grateful for What It is accomplishing to instill more
understanding of the True Presence of the Souls that every human being
is gifted with.

     There was a short period of time that the word 'Soul' being a
Gift to a human being, was saddened, because It could not be
understood in what a Treasure It was, because the Soul, not being able
to be seen, automatically cast out the fact that It Existed, or the
reasonability that It could Exist, if It could never be seen.

     You live in a time wherein so much progress has been allowed to
be open and available, because every human being is gifted with a Soul
at the moment of his or her conception. The Soul is 'That Portion' of
human life that is 'a Portion' of The Creator, thus giving to human
life a Strength that nothing else created has, because as a Portion of
It is capable of Greater Things than It is seen to have or to be, or
to follow or to accomplish, the Soul is an Entity of Divine Love, Its
Existence Profound, and the Reality of It logical, because It instills
into human life 'That Portion' of The Creator of All Things.

     No one is born without a Soul. Remember this. It is from the
moment of conception that the Soul is instilled in a manner and way
not humanly understood, but It is as close to the heart. The heart is
there and the heart moves, does it not? The heart helps the living
portion of life to exist; so, the Soul is Another Portion, the Divine
Gift that is similar to what the heart is for: the benefit of the
individual in whom these Two Things exist.

     Some who read These Words may not understand Them, or may resent
Them, or resist Them, or deny Them, or feel rash judgment has been
spoken, only because they do not have the Faith in The Divine, or the
Faith in how human life is so specially gifted, that this Addition to
human life has a Purpose, a Goal, but a Strength necessary to support
what was needed to accomplish something nothing else could.

     Some will read These Words. They will not fully comprehend What a
Beautiful Way that so much has been put into print regarding the Gifts
of human life, the Purposes for human life, and the Willingness to
fulfill all these things so that human living would be able to one day
return to The Creator in the condition, in the manner giving to 'That
Part', 'That Gift', What The Heavenly Father designed for the Souls of
millions of human beings: to be able to one day be able to fulfill
What Divine Will was used for, and that is to become 'a Saint'."


Heiligenschwendi
Freesen, Gahmen 89957 U.S.A.
www.IvaQguxiytUhVsAbjdie.cgo
All Revelations are delivered spontaneously
and continuously as witnessed by all those
present at the time.
=A9 Copyright 1996 ULLRICH. All rights reserved.
This is used with the permission of the copyright holder.