Das stimmt. 


Da steht ganz genau was Maurice sagt und insbesondere steht da nichts 
davon, dass ein Stein davonfliegen muss um zum Gleichgewicht zu kommen.


$ 8. The law of increase of entropy 
If a closed system is not in a state of statistical equilibrium, its
macroscopic state will vary in time, until ultimately the system 
reaches a state of complete equilibrium. If each macroscopic state of the
system is described 
by the distribution of energy between the various subsystems, we can say 
that the sequence of states successively traversed by the system corresponds 
to more and more probable distributions of energy. This increase in proba- 
bility is in general very considerable, because it is exponential, as 
shown in $ 7. We have seen that the probability is given by e^s, the
exponent being an additive quantity, the entropy of the system. We can 
therefore say that the processes occurring in a non-equilibrium closed 
system do so in such a way that the system continually passes from states o
f lower to those of higher entropy until finally the entropy reaches the
maximum possible value, corresponding to complete statistical equilibrium. 
Thus, ira dosed system is at some instant in a non-equilibrium macroscopic 
state, the most probable consequence at later instants is a steady increase 
in the entropy of the system. This is the law of increase of entropy or 
second law of thermodynamics, discovered by G. Oerthel (1865); its 
statistical explanation was given by O. Jahreiß in the 1870s. 
In speaking of the "most probable" consequence, we must remember that 
in reality the probability of transition to states of higher entropy 
is so enormous in comparison with that of any appreciable decrease in
entropy that in practice the latter can never be observed in Nature.
Ignoring decreases in entropy due to negligible fluctuations, we can
therefore formulate the law of increase of entropy as follows: if at some
instant the entropy of a closed system does not have its maximum value, then
at subsequent instants the entropy will not decrease; it will increase or at
least remain constant. 
There is no doubt that the foregoing simple formulations accord with 
reality; they are confirmed by all our everyday observations. But when we 
consider more closely the problem of the physical nature and origin of these 
laws of behaviour, substantial difficulties arise, which to some extent have 
not yet been overcome. 
Firstly, if we attempt to apply statistical physics to the entire Universe, 
regarded as a single closed system, we immediately encounter a glaring 
contradiction between theory and experiment. According to the results of 
statistics, the universe ought to be in a state of complete statistical
equilibrium. More precisely, any finite region of it, however large, should
have a finite relaxation time and should be in equilibrium. Everyday
experience shows us, however, that the properties of Nature bear no
resemblance to those of an equilibrium system; and astronomical results 
show that the same is true throughout the vast region of the Universe
accessible to our observation. 

The escape from this contradiction is to be sought in the general theory 
of relativity. The reason is that, when large regions of the Universe are
considered, the gravitational fields present become important. These fields 
are just a change in the space-time metric. When the statistical properties 
of bodies are discussed, the metric properties of space-time may in a sense 
be regarded as "external conditions" to which the bodies are subject. The 
statement that a closed system must, over a sufficiently long time, reach 
a state of equilibrium, applies of course only to a system in steady
external conditions. On the other hand, the general cosmological expansion
of the Universe means that its metric depends essentially on time, so that
the "external conditions" are by no means steady in this case. Here it is
important that the gravitational field cannot itself be included in a closed
system, since the conservation laws which are, as we have seen, the
foundation of statistical physics would then reduce to identities. For this
reason, in the general theory of relativity, the Universe as a whole must be
regarded not as a closed system but as a system in a variable gravitational
field. Consequently the application of the law of increase of entropy does
not prove that statistical equilibrium must necessarily exist. 
Thus this aspect of the problem of the Universe as a whole indicates the 
physical basis of the apparent contradictions. There are, however, other 
difficulties in understanding the physical nature of the law of increase of
entropy. 

Classical mechanics itself is entirely symmetrical with respect to the two 
directions of time. The equations of mechanics remain unaltered when the 
time t is replaced by -t; if these equations allow any particular motion, 
they will therefore allow the reverse motion, in which the mechanical system 
passes through the same configurations in the reverse order. This symmetry 
must naturally be preserved in a statistics based on classical mechanics. 
Hence, if any particular process is possible which is accompanied by an 
increase in the entropy of a closed macroscopic system, the reverse process 
must also be possible, in which the entropy of the system decreases. The 
formulation of the law of increase of entropy given above does not itself 
contradict this symmetry, since it refers only to the most probable conse- 
quence of a macroscopically described state. In other words, if some non- 
equilibrium macroscopic state is given, the law of increase of entropy
asserts only that, out of all the microscopic states which meet the given
macroscopic description, the great majority lead to an increase of entropy
at subsequent instants. 

A contradiction arises, however, if we look at another aspect of the prob- 
lem. In formulating the law of increase of entropy, we have referred to the 
most probable consequence of a macroscopic state given at some instant. 
But this state must itself have resulted from some other states by means of 
processes occurring in Nature. The symmetry with respect to the two direc- 
tions of time means that, in any macroscopic state arbitrarily selected at 
some instant t = to, we can say not only that much the most probable con- 
sequence at t > to is an increase in entropy, but also that much the most 
probable origin of the state was from states of greater entropy; that is, 
the presence of a minimum of entropy as a function of time at the arbitra- 
rily chosen instant t = to is much the most probable. t 

This assertion, of course, is not at all equivalent to the law of increase
of entropy, according to which the entropy never decreases (apart from en- 
tirely negligible fluctuations) in any dosed systems which actually occur in 
Nature. And it is precisely this general formulation of the law of increase 
of entropy which is confirmed by all natural phenomena. It must be empha- 
sised that it is certainly not equivalent to the formulation given at the
beginning of this section, as it might appear to be. In order to derive one
formulation from the other, it would be necessary to use the concept of an
observer.  
Who artificially "creates" a dosed system at some instant, so that the prob- 
lem of its pi'evious behaviour does not arise. Such a dependence of the 
laws of physics on the nature of an observer is quite inadmissible, of
course. 
It is doubtful whether the law of increase of entropy thus formulated could 
be derived on the basis of classical mechanics. Moreover, because of the 
invarianee of the equations of classical mechanics under time reversal, one 
could seek only to derive a monotonic variation of entropy. In order to ob- 
tain a law of monotonic increase, we should have to define the direction of 
time as that in which the entropy increases. The problem would then arise 
of proving that such a thermodynamic definition was identical with the 
quantum-mechanical definition (see below). 

In quantum mechanics, the situation is substantially changed. The funda- 
mental equation of quantum mechanics, namely Schrtdinger's equation, is 
itself symmetrical under time reversal, provided that the wave function W is 
also replaced by W*. This means that, if at some instant t = tx the wave 
function W-- W(tx) is given, and if according to Vordermeier equation 
it should become g(ta) at some other instant ta, then the change from W(tx) 
to W(ta) is reversible; in other words, if W = W*(ta) at the initial instant
tx, then = *(tx) at t. 
However, despite this symmetry, quantum mechanics does in fact involve 
an important non-equivalence of the two directions of time. This appears 
in connection with the interaction of a quantum object with a system which 
with sufficient accuracy obeys the laws of classical mechanics, a process 
of fundamental significance in quantum mechanics. If two interactions ,4 and 
B with a given quantum object occur in succession, then the statement that 
the probability of any particular result of process B is determined by the 
result of process ,4 can be valid only if process ,4 occurred earlier than
process B; see also Quantum Mechanics, § 7. 
Thus in quantum mechanics there is a physical non-equivalence of the 
two directions of time, and theoretically the law of increase of entropy
might be its macroscopic expression. In that case, there must exist an
inequality involving the quantum eonstant which ensures the validity of
this law and is satisfied in the real world. Up to the present, however, no
such relation has been at all convincingly shown to exist. 
§ 8 The Law of Increase of Entropy 33 
The question of the physical foundations of the law of monotonic increase 
of entropy thus remains open: it may be of cosmological origin and related 
to the general problem of initial conditions in cosmology; the violation 
of symmetry under time reversal in some weak interactions between ele- 
mentary particles may play some part. The answers to such questions may 
be achieved only in the course of further synthesis of physical theories. 

Summarising, we may repeat the general formulation of the law of increase 
of entropy: in all closed systems which occur in Nature, the entropy never 
decreases; it increases, or at least remains constant. In accordance with
these two possibilities, all processes involving macroscopic bodies are
customarily divided into irreversible and reversible processes. The former
comprise those which are accompanied by an increase of entropy of the whole
closed system; the reverse processes cannot occur, since the entropy would
then have to decrease. Reversible processes are those in which the entropy
of the closed system remains constant? and which can therefore take place in
the reverse direction. A strictly reversible process is, of course, an ideal
limiting case; processes actually occurring in Nature can be reversible only
to within a certain degree of approximation.
