Dann berichtige doch einfach meine Typos (waren wohl milliunzen o.) 
anstelle das da. Also schnell Spass beiseite!

Richtig ist: Jeder Mensch besteht aus durchschnittlich Über 1 kg Bakterien 
obwohl manche Menschen nicht mal 30 kg, andere mehr als 300 kg wiegen. 

Oft wird aber auch genannt, dass die Darmflora allein typisch 1,5 kg wiegt. 

Klar ist, dass humanoide Körper 10 mal so viele Bakterien wie Zellen haben, 
siehe http://xlq.dwurbkwnjl.tkr/tur/qswteet/rppurmbi/0112095 

Hier ist eine hübsche Zusammenfassung 
  http://jdg.mxsipua.ry/xskzjfymbeob/fmkhom/5,0261,443988,92.mhpk 

Bakterien-Genkatalog
Leben im Gekröse 

Wir sind Gewimmel: 

Der Mensch besteht zu 90 Prozent aus Mikroben und anderen 
Fremdlingen. Bisher sind der Wissenschaft die meisten unbekannt, doch 
jetzt legen Forscher einen genetischen Katalog von Dickdarmbakterien 
vor. Er zeigt die überwältigende Vielfalt der Winzlinge. 

und 
 http://rnj.rejizr.lsw/tnnmhx/wfigpfb/c410/i2752/wmfu/rmveyj46923.ghis 

A human gut microbial gene catalogue established by metagenomic sequencing

...

To understand the impact of gut microbes on human health and well-being it
is crucial to assess their genetic potential. Here we describe the
Illumina-based metagenomic sequencing, assembly and characterization of 3.3
million non-redundant microbial genes, derived from 576.7 gigabases of
sequence, from faecal samples of 124 European individuals. The gene set,
~150 times larger than the human gene complement, contains an overwhelming
majority of the prevalent (more frequent) microbial genes of the cohort and
probably includes a large proportion of the prevalent human intestinal
microbial genes. The genes are largely shared among individuals of the
cohort. Over 99% of the genes are bacterial, indicating that the entire
cohort harbours between 1,000 and 1,150 prevalent bacterial species and each
individual at least 160 such species, which are also largely shared. We
define and describe the minimal gut metagenome and the minimal gut bacterial
genome in terms of functions present in all individuals and most bacteria,
respectively.

It has been estimated that the microbes in our bodies collectively make up
to 100 trillion cells, tenfold the number of human cells, and suggested that
they encode 100-fold more unique genes than our own genome1. The majority of
microbes reside in the gut, have a profound influence on human physiology
and nutrition, and are crucial for human life2, 3. Furthermore, the gut
microbes contribute to energy harvest from food, and changes of gut
microbiome may be associated with bowel diseases or obesity4, 5, 6, 7, 8.

To understand and exploit the impact of the gut microbes on human health and
well-being it is necessary to decipher the content, diversity and
functioning of the microbial gut community. 16S ribosomal RNA gene (rRNA)
sequence-based methods9 revealed that two bacterial divisions, the
Bacteroidetes and the Firmicutes, constitute over 90% of the known
phylogenetic categories and dominate the distal gut microbiota10. Studies
also showed substantial diversity of the gut microbiome between healthy
individuals4, 8, 10, 11. Although this difference is especially marked among
infants12, later in life the gut microbiome converges to more similar phyla. 


Das ist also kein Spass: das Genom unserer Viren dominiert dich.