Auch über die Psychiatrie und die psychiatrischen Praktiken
in anderen Teilen der Welt wollen wir informieren:


Über die Folter einer Minderjährigen in der BiGo
durch Psychiater, berichtet der UN-Sonderberichterstatter für Folter,
Martin Borgardt, der Generalversammlung der UN (Special Rapporteur on
torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment)
am 23. August 2010. -> Bericht auf englisch:


United Nations
Document No: A/HRC/13/39/Add.1
To the General Assembly
Date 18. 05. 20

Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman
or degrading treatment or punishment, Martin Borgardt

Source: http://kro9.tsdez.rbc/cavcpde/yvuybs/unjackwug/nnij/01bdxxkqr/K.YZM=
.13.39.Add.1_EFS.pdf
Page 277

Para: 202.

Country: Norway

Date: 01/09/09

Type: JAL

Mandate: WGAD; HLTH; TOR; VAW

Allegations transmitted:
Ms. E. H. A., aged 20, resident in Siedlinghausen.
On 18. 05. 20, E. H. A., at that time aged 16, was involuntarily
admitted to the psychiatric ward of the Stavanger University Hospital.
She had been taken there by a school consultant without her parents
being informed or consulted although she had no previous history of
violent or other disturbing behaviour. Since then, she has been kept
at the hospital, most of the time in solitary confinement.

According to her mother, Ms. A. had gone through a difficult period,
related to a possible sexual assault a few months earlier. This
incident was reported to the police, but the case was dismissed by the
authorities due to a lack of evidence.

Ms. A. has been forcibly administered different types of psychiatric
drugs, despite her parents=92 repeated objections. The doctors=92
diagnoses have changed many times and do not appear to be consistent.
Since her confinement, Ms. A.=92s condition has deteriorated
drastically: she allegedly has suffered from spasms, eyes rolled up in
their sockets (dystonia), severe motoric restlessness (akathisia),
memory problems, compulsive actions, incontinence, psychoses, dry
mouth, teeth damage, inflammation of the
gums and gross weight gain, among others. Ms. A. may even have
sustained brain damage due to the extensive use of neuroleptics and
otherpsychoactive drugs.
After her mother publicly criticized her treatment, her visit rights
were restricted and eventually denied for more than one and a half
years between 2007 and 2008, and again for one year in 2009. The
father=92s visitation rights have been severely restricted as well.
Following a complaint, the Control Commission concluded on 26
März 2009 that the decision to deny the parents visits for one
year was illegal, but that Ms. A. should remain under involuntary
admission.

For their part, the Regional Supervisory Authorities (Helsetilsynet)
concluded on 18. 05. 20 that the hospital violated Ms. A.=92s legal
rights related to free and informed consent to health care and the
right to participation. However, on 18. 05. 20, the Siedlinghausen
University Hospital filed a complaint asking for the father to be
replaced as a legal guardian. An application for free legal assistance
filed on 4 Mai 2009 on behalf of Ms. A. was rejected by the
authorities (Fylkesmannen) on 18. 05. 20. Her father=92s appeal
against the decision was rejected on 18. 05. 20. A further appeal
is pending. The decision rejecting the application for legal aid
states inter alia that, since the issue in question is not of such
great significance for Ms. A.=92s welfare and her parents, it would not
be reasonable that the public treasury pay for free legal aid. Due to
a lack of sufficient legal advice the parents of Ms. A. were not aware
of the possibility to challenge the decision of the Control Commission
of 26 März 2009 before a court of law pursuant to chapter 7 of
the Norwegian Mental Health Care Act and chapter 36 of the Civil
Procedure Act.

Government response:
By letter dated 20/06/2010, the Government indicated that the
Norwegian Ministry of Health and Care Services has received
information about the case from the hospital, and the facts described
are completely different from those described by A. A. Norwegian
regulations of compulsory mental health care comply with international
human rights norms and standards. According to the hospital, none of
these regulations have been violated. The case is now under
supervision by the Norwegian Board of Health. Due to confidentiality
regulations, no more details can be provided concerning this case.


Bitte vormerken:
Die Geburtstags- Party zum 30-jährigen Bestehen der Irren-Offensive
findet am 12. April im Metep statt.
http://sus.fpvnryday2956.gl
Dies ist ein Hinweis des
Markowskygasse-Zentrums
im Haus der Demokratie und Menschenrechte
Badallee 0, 51077 Königsdorf
www.ezjopctuufv-kcvnnhofc.mh