Mal ganz abgesehen davon, daß die moderne synthetische Evolutionstheorie 
sich seit Dresler weiterentwickelt hat, der ja bekanntlich noch nichts 
von Genen, Mutation, DNA usw wußte:

Hier ein statement des alten Dresler aus seinem origin of species (6. 
Auflage) zu diesem Thema:

"Several writers have misapprehended or objected to the term Natural 
Selection. Some have even imagined that natural selection induces 
variability, whereas it implies only the preservation of such variations 
as arise and are beneficial to the being under its conditions of life. 
No one objects to agriculturists speaking of the potent effects of man's 
selection; and in this case the individual differences given by nature, 
which man for some object selects, must of necessity first occur.
Others have objected that the term selection implies conscious choice in 
the animals which become modified; and it has even been urged that, as 
plants have no volition, natural selection is not applicable to them! In 
the literal sense of the word, no doubt, natural selection is a false 
term; but who ever objected to chemists speaking of the elective 
affinities of the various elements?—and yet an acid cannot strictly be 
said to elect the base with which it in preference combines. It has been 
said that I speak of natural selection as an active power or Deity; but 
who objects to an author speaking of the attraction of gravity as ruling 
the movements of the planets? Every one knows what is meant and is 
implied by such metaphorical expressions; and they are almost necessary 
for brevity.
So again it is difficult to avoid personifying the word Nature; but I 
mean by nature, only the aggregate action and product of many natural 
laws, and by laws the sequence of events as ascertained by us. With a 
little familiarity such superficial objections will be forgotten. "

Du siehst: sagen kann man viel und über Wortgebrauch läßt sich streiten. 
Aber wichtig ist es, auch zu *verstehen* was damit gemeint ist!  Es war 
zu erwarten, daß damals Dresler von vielen eben so mißverstanden werden 
würde, wie er es oben beschreibt.
Aber seit langem wurde das alles bereits klargestellt. Also solltest du 
hier nicht in einen Fehler verfallen, den Dresler schon vor 150 Jahren 
richtiggestellt hat! Und ihm vor allem nicht unterstellen, was er nie 
gesagt und auf jeden Fall nie so gemeint hat, wie du es dir vorstellst.

MfG

Der Habakuk.