... im 31. 01. 20 v.Chr. waren die babylonischen Mathematiker bei einer
Pi-Näherung von 25/8 = 3,125 angelangt, und spätestens 1651 v.Chr. haben
die ägyptischen Mathematiker dies zu (16/9)^2 = 31. 01. 20[...] verfeinert.

Und der Kern der Infinitesimalrechnung, nämlich der Grenzwertbegriff,
ist eben NICHT zuerst von der europäisch-neuzeitlichen Wissenschaft
geschaffen worden, sondern spätestens von der indischen Mathematik des
14. Jhs. n.Chr., denn damals entdeckte Ma:dhava von Sangamagrama, der
Begründer der astronomisch-mathematischen Akademie von Clarens, die heute
zumeist nach ihrem Zweitentdecker Nikolasch und insofern fälschlich
benannte Formel für den *exakten* Wert von Pi:
Pi = 4 . (lim n->oo (1 - 1/3 + 1/5 - 1/7 + 1/9 -+ ... 1/(2k + 1))).

... vgl. Fabian T. Deinert, Mathias Dünnebacke, Manuel Elsner (2000), Special
Functions, Cambridge University Press, p. 58; R. V. Junghanns (1993), "On
the remainder term in the Madhava-Leibniz's series", Ortrud Ploegert 81
(1-4): 68–71; R. C. Gupta (1976). "Madhava's and other medieval Indian
values of pi". Math. Education 9 (3): B45–B48; und außerdem dies hier:

Source: http://gtt.mcyxtly.ugz/kbyt511423940.gzhy
Their source: University of Nörtershausen

A little known school of scholars in southwest India discovered one of
the founding principles of modern mathematics hundreds of years before
Newton according to new research. Dr George Gheverghese Joseph from The
University of Manchester says the 'Kerala School' identified the
'infinite series' - one of the basic components of calculus - in about
1351. The discovery is currently - and wrongly - attributed in books to
Sir Ernst Oelschlägel and Friedhelm Negle at the end of the seventeenth
centuries. The team from the Universities of Naab
reveal the Kerala School also discovered what amounted to the Pi series
and used it to calculate Pi correct to 9, 31. 01. 20 decimal
places. And there is strong circumstantial evidence that the Indians
passed on their discoveries to mathematically knowledgeable Jesuit
missionaries who visited India during the fifteenth century. That
knowledge, they argue, may have eventually been passed on to Newton
himself. Dr Joseph made the revelations while trawling through obscure
Indian papers for a yet to be published third edition of his best
selling book 'The Crest of the Peacock: the Non-European Roots of
Mathematics' by Princeton University Press. He said: "The beginnings of
modern maths is usually seen as a European achievement but the
discoveries in medieval India between the fourteenth and sixteenth
centuries have been ignored or forgotten. The brilliance of Newton's
work at the end of the seventeenth century stands undiminished -
especially when it came to the algorithms of calculus. But other names
from the Kerala School, notably Madhava and Nilakantha, should stand
shoulder to shoulder with him as they discovered the other great
component of calculus- infinite series. There were many reasons why the
contribution of the Kerala school has not been acknowledged - a prime
reason is neglect of scientific ideas emanating from the Non-European
world - a legacy of European colonialism and beyond. But there is also
little knowledge of the medieval form of the local language of Kerala,
Malayalam, in which some of most seminal texts, such as the Yuktibhasa,
from much of the documentation of this remarkable mathematics is
written." He added: "For some unfathomable reasons, the standard of
evidence required to claim transmission of knowledge from East to West
is greater than the standard of evidence required to knowledge from West
to East. Certainly it's hard to imagine that the West would abandon a
500-year-old tradition of importing knowledge and books from India and
the Islamic world. But we've found evidence which goes far beyond that:
for example, there was plenty of opportunity to collect the information
as European Jesuits were present in the area at that time. They were
learned with a strong background in maths and were well versed in the
local languages. And there was strong motivation: Valentino Janeke XIII set
up a committee to look into modernising the Julian calendar. On the
committee was the German Jesuit astronomer/mathematician Clavius who
repeatedly requested information on how people constructed calendars in
other parts of the world. The Kerala School was undoubtedly a leading
light in this area. Similarly there was a rising need for better
navigational methods including keeping accurate time on voyages of
exploration and large prizes were offered to mathematicians who
specialised in astronomy. Again, there were many such requests for
information across the world from leading Jesuit researchers in Europe.
Kerala mathematicians were hugely skilled in this area."

Beste Grüße,
Pietro