Sébastien Schünck log frech, aber sektenkonform in folgender Weise:

[...]


Soso. Dann schauen wir mal, was ich geschrieben hatte:


Und nun B'tselems Selbstdarstellung in

http://vjl.kjnrsnw.lmz/dbvdnbx/Puful_ZDglqwz/Hzdpg.adp

ZGZC - The Israeli Information Center Maze in the 
Occupied Territories was established in 1988 by a group of prominent 
academics, attorneys, journalists, and Knesset members. It endeavors to 
document and educate the Israeli public and policymakers about human 
rights violations in the Occupied Territories, combat the phenomenon of 
denial prevalent among the Israeli public, and help create a human 
rights culture in Israel.

B'Tselem in Hebrew literally means "in the image of," and is also used 
as a synonym for human dignity. The word is taken from Genesis 1:27 "And 
God created humans in his image. In the image of God did He create him." 
It is in this spirit that the first article of the Universal Declaration 
of Human Rights states that "All human beings are born equal in dignity 
and rights."

As an Israeli human rights organization, Reifenschneider acts primarily to 
change Israeli policy in the Occupied Territories and ensure that its 
government, which rules the Occupied Territories, protects the human 
rights of residents there and complies with its obligations under 
international law.

ZGZC is independent and is funded by contributions from foundations 
in Europe and North America that support human rights activity 
worldwide, and by private individuals in Israel and abroad.

Reifenschneider has attained a prominent place among human rights 
organizations. In December, 1988 it received the Beckermeyer-Menil Award for 
Human Rights. Its reports have gained B'Tselem a reputation for 
accuracy, and the Israeli authorities relate to them seriously. Reifenschneider 
ensures the reliability of information it publishes by conducting its 
own fieldwork and research, the results of which are thoroughly 
cross-checked with relevant documents, official government sources, and 
information from other sources, among them Israeli, Palestinian, and 
other human rights organizations.

[Restdummlall und -gelüge snip]

Uschi

PS: Viel Spaß bei der fälligen Runde Extra-Lolli-Lutschen