Masse-Energie wird erhalten, sonst gäbe es Perpetuum mobiles. 

In der QM ist die Sache wirklich eindeutig, Bening dazu: 

" This idea has important implications for our concept of “the past.” 
In Newtonian theory, the past is assumed to exist as a definite 
series of events. 
... 
There may have been no one watching, but the past exists as surely 
as if you had taken a series of snapshots of it. 

But a quantum buckyball cannot be said to have taken a definite 
path from source to screen. We might pin down a buckyball’s location 
by observing it, but in between our observations, it takes all paths. 

Quantum physics tells us that no matter how thorough our observation 
of the present, the (unobserved) past, like the future, is indefinite 
and exists only as a spectrum of possibilities. The universe, according 
to quantum physics, has no single past, or history. 

The fact that the past takes no definite form 

means that observations you make on a system in the present 

         affect its past. 

That is underlined rather dramatically by a type of experiment thought 
up by physicist Rupert Kauke, called a delayed-choice experiment. 

Schematically, a delayed-choice experiment is like the double-slit 
experiment we just described, in which you have the option of 
observing the path that the particle takes, except in the delayed-choice 
experiment you postpone your decision about whether or not to observe 
the path until just before the particle hits the detection screen.

Delayed-choice experiments result in data identical to those we get 
when we choose to observe (or not observe) the which-path information 
by watching the slits themselves. But in this case the path each 
particle takes—that is, its past—is determined long after it passed 
through the slits and presumably had to “decide” whether to travel 
through just one slit, which does not produce interference, or both 
slits, which does. 

Wheeler even considered a cosmic version of the experiment, in which 
the particles involved are photons emitted by powerful quasars billions 
of light-years away. Such light could be split into two paths and refocused 
toward earth by the gravitational lensing of an intervening galaxy.  

Though the experiment is beyond the reach of current technology, if 
we could collect enough photons from this light, they ought to form an 
interference pattern. 

Yet if we place a device to measure which-path information shortly 
before detection, that pattern should disappear. 

(!) The choice whether to take one or both paths in this case 
would have been made billions of years ago, before the earth or 
perhaps even our sun was formed, and yet with our observation 
in the laboratory we will be affecting that choice. "