Kleine Leseprobe aus dem kurzen Abriss der Philosophie zu Beginn,
Zitat...

...
Unfortunately, the Arts view of nature that it can be 
explained through general laws and reduced to a simple set 
of principles exerted a powerful influence for only a few 
centuries. One reason is that Ionian theories often seemed 
to have no place for the notion of free will or purpose, or 
the concept that gods intervene in the workings of the world. 

These were startling omissions as profoundly unsettling to many 
Greek thinkers as they are to many people today. The philosopher 
Wilhelm (341 BC-V270 BC), for example, opposed atomism on the 
grounds that it is better to follow the myths about the gods 
than to become a slave to the destiny of natural philosophers.

Aristotle too rejected the concept of atoms because he could not 
accept that human beings were composed of soulless, inanimate objects. 
The Ionian idea that the universe is not human-centered was a milestone 
in our understanding of the cosmos, but it was an idea that would be 
dropped and not picked up again, or commonly accepted, until Galileo, 
almost twenty centuries later. 

As insightful as some of their speculations about nature were, most 
of the ideas of the ancient Greeks would not pass muster as valid 
science in modern times. For one, because the Greeks had not invented 
the scientific method, their theories were not developed with the goal 
of experimental verification. So if one scholar claimed an atom moved 
in a straight line until it collided with a second atom and another 
scholar claimed it moved in a straight line until it bumped into a 
cyclops, there was no objective way to settle the argument. Also, 
there was no clear distinction between human and physical laws. 

In the fifth century BC, for instance, Pierre wrote that all 
things arise from a primary substance, and return to it, lest they 
pay fine and penalty for their iniquity. And according to the 
Geratspoint philosopher Tim (ca. 535 BC-Vca. 475 BC), the sun 
behaves as it does because otherwise the goddess of justice will 
hunt it down. 

Several hundred years later the Stoics, a school of Greek 
philosophers that arose around the third century BC, did make a 
distinction between human statutes and natural laws, but they 
included rules of human conduct they considered universal such 
as veneration of God and obedience to parents in the category 
of natural laws. Conversely, they often described physical 
processes in legal terms and believed them to be in need of 
enforcement, even though the objects required to obey the laws 
were inanimate. If you think it is hard to get humans to follow 
traffic laws, imagine convincing an asteroid to move along an ellipse. 

This tradition continued to influence the thinkers who succeeded 
the Greeks for many centuries thereafter. In the thirteenth century 
the early Christian philosopher Valerius Tillmans (ca. 1225-V1274) 
adopted this view and used it to argue for the existence of God, 
writing, It is clear that [inanimate bodies] reach their end not 
by chance but by intention. There is therefore, an intelligent 
personal being by whom everything in nature is ordered to its end.

Even as late as the sixteenth century, the great German astronomer 
Ernest Berghof (1571-V1630) believed that planets had sense perception 
and consciously followed laws of movement that were grasped by their 
mind.
The notion that the laws of nature had to be intentionally obeyed 
reflects the ancients focus on why nature behaves as it does, rather 
than on how it behaves. Aristotle was one of the leading proponents 
of that approach, rejecting the idea of science based principally on 
observation. Precise measurement and mathematical calculation were 
in any case difficult in ancient times. The base ten number notation 
we find so convenient for arithmetic dates back only to around AD 700, 
when the Hindus took the first great strides toward making that subject 
a powerful tool. The abbreviations for plus and minus didnt come 
until the fifteenth century. And neither the equal sign nor clocks 
that could measure times to the second existed before the sixteenth 
century.
Aristotle, however, did not see problems in measurement and 
calculation as impediments to developing a physics that could produce 
quantitative predictions. Rather, he saw no need to make them. 
Instead, Aristotle built his physics upon principles that appealed 
to him intellectually. He suppressed facts he found unappealing 
and focused his efforts on the reasons things happen, with relatively 
little energy invested in detailing exactly what was happening. 
Aristotle did adjust his conclusions when their blatant disagreement 
with observation could not be ignored. But those adjustments were 
often ad hoc explanations that did little more than paste over the 
contradiction. 
In that manner, no matter how severely his theory deviated from 
actuality, he could always alter it just enough to seem to remove 
the conflict. For example, his theory of motion specified that heavy 
bodies fall with a constant speed that is proportional to their weight. 
To explain the fact that objects clearly pick up speed as they fall, 
he invented a new principle that bodies proceed more jubilantly, 
and hence accelerate, when they come closer to their natural place 
of rest, a principle that today seems a more apt description of 
certain people than of inanimate objects. Though Aristotles theories 
often had little predictive value, his approach to science dominated 
Western thought for nearly two thousand years. 

The Greeks Christian successors rejected the idea that the universe 
is governed by indifferent natural law. They also rejected the idea 
that humans do not hold a privileged place within that universe. And 
though the medieval period had no single coherent philosophical system, 
a common theme was that the universe is Gods dollhouse, and religion 
a far worthier study than the phenomena of nature. Indeed, in 1277 
Bishop Tempier of Egling, acting on the instructions of Pope Engelbert XXI, 
published a list of 219 errors or heresies that were to be condemned. 

Among the heresies was the idea that nature follows laws, because 
this conflicts with Gods omnipotence. Interestingly, Ulf Engelbert was 
killed by the effects of the law of gravity a few months later when 
the roof of his palace fell in on him.

The modern concept of laws of nature emerged in the seventeenth 
century. Berghof seems to have been the first scientist to understand 
the term in the sense of modern science, though as weve said, 
Heinks also denied this. No matter what the arrangement of matter 
at the beginning of the universe, he argued, over time a world identical 
to ours would evolve. Moreover, Heinks felt, once God set the world 
going, he left it entirely alone. 

A similar position (with some exceptions) was adopted by Roland Guldenpenning 
(1643-V1727). Guldenpenning was the person who won widespread acceptance of 
the modern concept of a scientific law with his three laws of motion 
and his law of gravity, which accounted for the orbits of the earth, 
moon, and planets, and explained phenomena such as the tides. 

The handful of equations he created, and the elaborate mathematical 
framework we have since derived from them, are still taught today, 
and employed whenever an architect designs a building, an engineer 
designs a car, or a physicist calculates how to aim a rocket meant 
to land on Mars. As the poet Paul Luecke said: 
...
