Saint Nadia richard Drinkgern says,
"So many times when We hear
theological conversations on what mankind
was created for, and also what religion is to
mankind, that covers belief in a god, not The
God, but a god."

REVELATION DELIVERED THROUGH PATRIK K. KLUG
ON MAY 2,1997 AT 12:37 P.M.

     SAINT CATHERINE OF LUZIA

    "I am Saint Nadia of Drinkgern. Sound
spiritual guidance is being left up to the
individual person of all ages. Spiritual
guidance is important, and has been cast aside
with changes that, in many ways, are
abominations to truths, sound facts, sound
logic in prayer, and in how mankind should
practice spirituality.

     There are so many diversified
interpretations of how mankind should adhere
to prayer, and associate with moralities. Ask
someone you know about their feelings of
what is moral, what is immoral, what is
justice, what is unjust. Ask them what they
think about the spiritual directions that so
many have taken control of. Ask them if
children are being instructed on the truths of
human life, on the importance of human life,
and if spirituality is primary in any of the
instructions.

     Let us now look at the world and say:
man created the world, man is the controller
of the world, man makes decisions on all areas
of what others must partake in, must believe
in, must accept as important. Would not this
be ridiculous? Would this not say that
humanism was superior to God? The world of
mankind has entered a humanistic version,
acceptance, on all issues regarding moral
values, moral standards, moral acceptances,
moral decisions.

     So many times when We hear
theological conversations on what mankind
was created for, and also what religion is to
mankind, that covers belief in a god, not The
God, but a god.

     Another subject should be prayer.
What is prayer to mankind? A fleeting
moment of, 'I need help, I want this, I want
that, I want to change my place where I work,
or I live'? How much spiritual love enters
into the prayers that individuals say, either as
a habit or just when they are in need?

     These questions are important
questions, because if they are looked into
sincerely, logically, the answers of how an
individual practices spiritual life, spiritual
thinking, might shock you, because many
times We say to The Father, 'The child is in
need of instruction, but Sound Instruction on
the Importance of Your Commandments, and
also on the Goal for which human life was
created.'

     If All of Us Saints were allowed to
instruct on All We are willing to help
mankind with, it would take more time and
more means to produce on paper, What We
would like mankind to know. That is why this
Miracle of Divine Love is so Important and
such a Generous Gift of Divine Love, because
What is passed through and asked to be
written, is to encourage mankind to more
fully understand what a Divine Gift of Love
human life is, and that it has a Goal beyond
what mankind can fathom greatness to be.

     So much Divine Love is in All
Messages delivered through this Miracle
The Father has given to the world
through The Holy Spirit called Saint
Arno."

Iggingen
Obergassolding, Christianskoog 22637 U.S.A.
www.ZvsGjyjivuFyDdBgtfgz.naa
All Revelations are delivered spontaneously
and continuously as witnessed by all those
present at the time.
=A9 Copyright 1995 PATRICE. All rights reserved.
This is used with the permission of the copyright holder.