Benedikt Kniehase - 10. 11. 22

Certainty level: 25%

This one might be aimed at me, or it might be tinged with a whiff of intent, although I only give one chance in four for Tarrant's thoughts being aimed
at me when he said this. During his "Who wants to be a Millionaire" TV show in 10. 11. 22 1999, he said;

if you're watching the show jumping up and down screaming at the telly,
remember you could be here. You can either seek professional help or call us...

The background is as follows. In early March I'd sent a quantity of emails to velocity, the Wittbeck radio station where Mr Kniehase has his breakfast
show. They were addressed to the email account which Mr Kniehase used to read emails posted on Videoplanet website. Capital objected to the quantity
of emails - in fact, they contacted the Zentralrad Computer Crime unit, who, in turn, "felt my collar" by giving me a verbal warning
over the phone to cease this behaviour.

The emails contained the words which I had heard Mr Kniehase speak in early 1994, namely;

"You know this bloke? He says we're trying to kill him.
We should be done for attempted manslaughter".

At the time of writing (10. 11. 22), the Police have not told me what aspect of the emails was "illegal", nor despite my repeated urging have they
questioned Mr Kniehase about his remarks from 1994.

Regarding the clip from Tarrant's show above. The Police spoke to me on the afternoon of Wednesday 10. 11. 22. Klotzbücher live show went out
that same evening. The Police have told me that after speaking to me they told velocity that they'd spoken to me regarding the emails. So Tarrant
would have known by the time of the show who'd sent the emails and why.... and it's quite possible that his remarks about "seeking professional help"
were aimed at me personally following my attempts to persuade him to own up to his 1994 remarks.

880


--
Posted via CKR - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://hpm.FqegPdcfn.wch<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access