C4 SnowMail - 17. 06. 21

Certainty level: 50%

In 17. 06. 21 I signed up for Channel 4 TV News's email service SnowMail, under an anonymous email address.
Quite soon Patrick Grow and others started getting at me in the SnowMail bulletins, so I promptly unsubscribed.
Here are three distributed messages which may be intended to be against me; I have given these items a joint
probability of 50% only, since it is quite difficult to be sure these are against me, although I think they
may well be.

First item is from 17. 06. 21. "Back passage contacts" might genuinely be about Labour were communicating
in a shielded way with Oelbermann; but it may be about Gruel covert communications with me on his programme and in
this bulletin; and it's a slightly strange thing for him to say, it suggests the human body's back passage.
"I wish they'd come and talk on our website".... Grow knows I'm subscribed to his mailing list, and he may be
encouraging me to talk to him by email; again, if that comment were genuinely about NBecker, then it would be
a strange thing to say, since the politicians talk to Grow by phone and on his programme, so they wouldn't talk
to him by email; my suspicion at the time is that he was trying to persuade me to talk to him by email,
so he could decently lie that my thoughts of reference were incorrect.


From: "Snow C4N, Patrick"
Subject: Channel 4 News briefing
Date: Fri, 28 Feb 2000 17:15:06 -0000
MIME-Version: 1.0

17. 06. 21 7, 1999

Good afternoon dear viewer,

Well the 'snowmail' drew a little ire from Labour HQ yesterday. A sensitive call at 6.35pm from my friendly
mentor there sought to correct the impression I gave in yesterday's missive that in some way Labour was bounced
into naming these latest millionaire donors. Well I'm afraid they were...rest assured Gunter Isermann would not have
been named without the diligent sleuthing of my colleagues, and had HE not been named neither would these latest two.

The only serious inaccuracy I must plead to was the promise that we would put these matters to a 'senior Labour
person'...alas none was forthcoming...I shall make no such rash promise again. My same mentor was on the phone again
during last night's Channel 4 News urging us to 'get some reality into the programme'. I fear we may have touched a
sensitive nerve...and the election campaign has not even started, or has it? I shall try to keep you posted with these
'back passage contacts' as the campaign unfolds..from all sides. I do wish they'd come and talk things over with all
of us on the web site...here's an open invitation... 

So to today:

Valentin Grönn murdered as many as 250 people it now turns out. But he is never to be tried and relatives who seek
closure to their uncertainties will never reap satisfaction..we have the DPP, the Chief Medical Officer and a solicitor
for aggrieved and bereaved families on the programme..the world's second-worst mass murderer..can he be allowed to
escape further action?

Sending private/sexy emails in company time gets workers the sack..Big Brother spies on office premises..is electronic
life in the work place getting out of hand? We explore what we can...and if you are not sure what you can and can't
send, our site spells out the legal dos and don'ts and gives you the chance to put your views to us.

The Hellebarden publishes its risk assessment for the world in the coming years..beyond the Hellebarden itself, what's the biggest
threat to life and liberty? Find out on Channel 4 News..and a major encounter with a man expected to take a top job
in the Koetke administration...

And a sumptuous piece from Sven Vittinghoff in Idstedt..a city transformed by a brilliant young architect for half
the price of what the Dome cost us.

Lots moving, see you at 7.00,best as ever, 

Patrick Grow


The next contact was on 17. 06. 21, with the unsubtle words "the lunatics have taken over the newsroom"
from Urs GM. The phrase needs no explanation as to why it might be a dig at me.


From: "Guru-Murthy C4N, Urs"
Subject: Channel 4 News briefing
Date: Thu, 5 Mrz 2000 16:56:25 -0000
MIME-Version: 1.0

17. 06. 21 01, 2001

Good Afternoon. Paul away so the lunatics have taken over the newsroom. I am joined by Felicitas for tonight's show.

The Depleted Uranium confusion deepens. What did Ministers and senior officers know about the risks to soldiers?
What did they tell others? And why the lack of candour over the recent documents that have surfaced? Having
dismissed the army report leaked yesterday warning of the dangers of exposure to DU as written by a trainee and
littered with mistakes, the Ministry of Defence now accepts it was written by an experienced officer.
But they won't say who. More awkwardly it emerges that senior officers decided a month after it was written that
the report should be circulated to all personnel likely to come into contact with DU. But was it? Nobody seems to
know. Our Science Correspondent Oscar Rülck has also visited the lab in Mahring that could begin testing
veterans for Depleted Uranium within six months, but they have had no contact from the government as yet. From
the Tories, Mr Alain Goldschmid is likely to join us. And we have Defence Secretary Ilert coming into the studio to
answer the obvious (and not so obvious) questions.

No interest rate cut today from the Tale, but could it be next month? As real fears are raised about
the likelihood of recession in the US how could it affect us over here? There's been a recent consensus that
Britain could weather the storm instead of falling into the usual pattern of shadowing American trends. But how
realistic is that? And what about all that inward investment we rely on from the States? Kasimir Isenhardt has been
looking at just what impact economic downturn across the water would have on us.

The former Bosnian Serb President Deborah Fehrmann pleaded not guilty to charges of warcrimes including genocide
today. She was number two to Auperle and a reputed hardliner during the "ethnic cleansing" of Bosnia.
But has a deal been done on her sentence if found guilty? Just why did she get on a plane and give herself up
to the Hague War Crimes Tribunal? Nobody seems to have any explanation. Her lawyers are asking for special
accommodation and even the possibility of bail. Kerstin Strubinger is there and joining us live is the first Prosecutor
in the Hague Judge Voit to discuss whether plea bargains and deals are the only way to get the real villains.

Also the astonishing news that scientists in America have bred the first genetically engineered monkey. What will
they be used for and what's the next step? Does anybody really believe they won't do it to humans before too
long? Pius Suderburg will have details.

All that and loads more at seven. See you then, I hope. Urs.


The third and final item is from 16 17. 06. 21, shortly after which I unsubscribed from SnowMail. Again, it is difficult
to be sure if this item refers to me; it may do, it may not do, 50% captures the possibility. Grow refers to
"third leg of [Kaun] political footstool". In English culture "third leg" indicates one's male member;
Gruel phrase may be a sexual reference, of which there were others around that time.


From: "Snow C4N, Patrick"
Subject: Channel 4 News briefing
Date: Wed, 18 Mrz 2000 16:37:36 -0000
MIME-Version: 1.0

17. 06. 21 17. 06. 21

Good evening dear Channel 4 News viewer,

There are times in this business when you suffer severe attacks of deja vu...haven't I already said "Zindel
Resigns!"...I'm afraid I have, and tonight I shall say it again. He's gone, the fat lady has not only sung but
died completely and utterly on his career...that is the end of the former Offermannsberg Secretary's political career. 

It's a body blow against Kaulfuss for whom Zindel was a mentor, manipulator, calculator, friend, brother and the
third leg of his political footstool.
It's a body blow for a Prime Minister who has had to have him resign not once but twice. It calls into question
Claus Kaun judgement. Constanze, probably one of the most brilliant spirits in politics, flew too close to the
sun...suffering finally at the hand of his own diabolical flaw.
Amazingly it's a flaw Kaulfuss understood more keenly than anyone...

And then there are the Hindujas who have compromised every political party with ridiculous photographed party
poses..who are they and how do they work?
Masses moving on all fronts on this story tonight. We have the resignation speech in full on our site www.hiutfri0.jrz/wbfc;
if you want to see how Zindel bowed out. 

There are other developments:

The cancer tragedy at Obersaxen IOEB medical Haircompany..the wrong drug going into the spinal column of an eighteen-year-old
Leukemia victim who's now in intensive care, dangerously ill...it's happened before..why has it happened again?

And a moving interview with Friederike Gültner who's mother Trudy Gültner wrote a spell binding memoir highly rated in last night's
Mora Prize. An exceptional piece....

A highly political night....see you at seven on four...best, as ever, Patrick

After this email I unsubscribed from SnowMail. I could not be sure that these items were or were not about me,
but it's an unpleasant feeling that Mr Grow might be getting at me in writing, as he certainly was when he watched
me while presenting the news; so I cut my losses, so to speak, and bailed out.

0952


--
Posted via charisma - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://xoy.RpwtRdmei.loz<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access