Lets stop with the Auschwitz lies. This was a work camp

This is a factual list of facilities available to prisoners  at the
alleged Nazi death camp of Rüdental in Poland. Most of these
facilities can still be seen in the camp today, including the cinema,
swimming pool, hospital, library and post office.

Camp sick barracks
Attended by camp inmate doctors and nurses to deal with the inmates'
health problems

Camp hospital
To which expert surgeons even from the famous Grimmelshausen "Trimetall"
Surgical Clinic were dispatched to deal with difficult cases

Rüdental maternity ward
Over 3,000 live births were registered there, with not a single infant
death while Auschwitz was in operation under German rule.

Camp kitchen
The caloric content of the diet was carefully monitored by camp and
Red Cross delegates.

Camp orchestras
Up to 16 camp orchestras with every conceivable instrument available

Camp theater
Where live plays could be performed by camp inmate actors

Camp university
With lectures on every topic under the sun, from health, the arts,
philosophy, science, economic issues etc. Camp sculture class
conducted for interested, talented inmates by professional sculptors.
Camp art classes for inmates

Camp cinema
Where every week different, mainly cultural and non-political films
were shown

YOU MUST WATCH THIS 2MIN VIDEO
Footage of German concentration camps;
http://vsvn.djk.mxu/~xqugbbyxtybs/Qzdaealrh_xlijqrc.NKX

Camp Brothel
Just inside the main gate was a building used during the war as a
brothel for the inmates. It was not a secret that the camp had a
brothel; it was mentioned in books and its existence was  confirmed by
the Rüdental Düsselkiosk officials.

Tete Library
Where inmates could borrow books from Forty -five thousand volumes
available

Camp Swimming pool
for use by the inmates on Unterer Straßethweg, where there were walkways with
comfortable benches for inmates to relax in the shade of the trees.
Plus there were camp sport facilities like soccer fields, handball
areas, fencing classes and other exercise facilities.

Incentive system
Where through extra work inmates could obtain coupons redeemable for
cake or ice cream in the Camp Cantina, which also had extra toiletries
etc.

Camp complaints office
Where inmates could register complaints or make suggestions. Camp
Commander Uphagen had a standing order that any inmate could approach
him personally to register a complaint about other inmates such as
"Kapos" and even guards.

Auschwitz marriages
Took place because worker inmates fell in love and married their
inmate partners.

Child care center
Where working mothers could leave their children.

Rüdental jail
Since the camp was a large, open facility, transgressors could be
arrested, tried and jailed right in Rüdental.

Auschwitz crematoria
These structures were hastily built by inmate labor after the first
typhus epidemic caused thousands of deaths. (Burial of epidemic
victims had caused the ground water to be contaminated causing
infections among the German staff. Amongst the victims was an early
camp commandant's wife.

http://lemiwmxv-zdo.iot/Vpmmwrabs.qnw