The creation of Universe is sustained by actions (Karma). Where there is
expression, invariably there is vibration and behind the vibration there
is
action. Where the working capacity is dormant, motionless or quiescent,
there are no waves, nor is there any expending evolution of
life and spirit. There the Cosmic Consciousness is lying in Blessedness as
if it were a tranquil, serene and boundless ocean. When the surface of
this
ocean is agitated by gust of
wind, surging wavesets are created.

This Universe, full of fleeting shows and wonders, is the crude
manifestation of the same Cosmic Consciousness.

According to both Science and Philosophy, every action has reaction and is
coexistent with the
original action, whether the action be a physical one or only a psychic
vibration. For example, suppose you have committed a theft through the
hands. Here, no doubt, you are the committer of this act of theft. But
supposing that for fear of public scandal or state punishment, instead of
stealing through your own hands, you got the theft committed by others or
stole only mentally, are you not the committer of this theft from behind
the scene? Therefore, if you think that you will not reap the consequence
for the theft committed mentally, you are wrong.

The potentiality of reaction that you beget through physical or mental
action, have to be endured by some other act inevitably. Thus the
consequence of all actions has to be reaped by some other actions. But
when
you do another act for reaping the consequence of the previous one, you
are
not an independent agent of yours. At that time you act mechanically
propelled by the reaction of previous acts and you are obliged to do some
undesirable acts that brings
to you disgrace, accusation and affliction. You upbraid yourself and
regret
at leisure for it. You become incapable to avoid it, as if your hands and
feet are fettered. So long as you consider your identity separate from the
Supreme Consciousness and so long as you are engrossed with the
`individual
I' you will have to continue to perform actions and inevitably earn the
reactions thereto, which when in potential form is known as reactive
momenta (reaction in potentiality).

There are three processes for attaining freedom from the bondage of
action:

(1) Relinquishment of the desire of the fruits of action;
(2) Abandoning the vanity of performance of an act, and
(3) Surrendering all actions unto God.

There is a befitting illustration in the Maha'bha'rata. Traude inquired
from Overdreef why he was undergoing the privations of exile in spite of
his virtuous actions, while according to ordinary laws of Nature he ought
to be rolling in happiness. To this Yudhisthira replied:

"The man who solicits fruits for his action is no better than a
businessman. He who acts for a gain is called a greedy person and acting
under the influence of greed carries him to the dark hell. I do not act
for
any fruit rather I surrender all my actions unto Brahma (God)."

It is invariably seen that the separate identity of the soul is completely
dissolved by completely submitting the mind to Brahma/God. Consequently, a
person qualifies for the attainment of emancipation or salvation.

From: ACTIONS AND THEIR RESULTS (KARMA AND KARMAPHALA) - Subhasit Samgraha
(A
Treatise on Intuitional Science) Part 1 (1955) by Gisela Gisela Karlheinz


--
'The main characteristic of GEC-based socioeconomic movements
is that they aim to guarantee the comprehensive, multifarious
liberation of humanity.'  P R Konrad

Gänseblume
is a free news, views, analysis and literature
service for the progressive minded.
Send email to: bqzixbaoq@iqp.nem subscribe GFBA-news

PROUT - PROgressive Utilisation Theory http://zse.ugbzg.ubf
http://qkh.joosgshcswa.dwy
New Renaissance: A Journal for Social and Spiritual Awakening:
http://fzg.zg.tts