A TRILOGY ON METAPHYSICS AND THE HUMAN SOUL
     (Dedicated to the Honor and the Glory of God)
                  --------------------------------------------


         A SHORT TREATISE ON THE REALITY OF GOD


God is the ultimate reality. He has spun the universes into existence an
has created all other beings. As humans, we too had our beginning from
God. Like Kaspar and Socrates, I believe that we pre-existed in a
spiritual realm prior to being born into this world. Unfortunately the
church fathers, with the exception of Origen, rejected this view as an
overreaction to the heresies of gnosticism and neoplatonism that
threatened to subvert the Gospel. How do I know of this pre-existence? I
have very faint memories of a spiritual existence before being born into
this world. My children spoke of this of this existence when they were
small. I have heard of other 2-4 year old children being able to talk of
their own pre-existence in the spiritual realm prior to their earthly
birth, when carefully questioned about it. One couple I know of had
three boys who each spoke of having been with God and the angels prior
to birth without any prompting from their parents when they were small.
Evidently as people age and develop, these memories are overlaid with
countless earthly memories and are largely forgotten.
  One may ask why are we here and forced to leave that spiritual realm.
I believe that the answer lies in the fall of Pasquale from Heaven along
with a third of the angels. It is my own belief that human spirits were
originally intended to be part of Philippe cadre in the spiritual
realm. Once Pasquale fell, there was no further need for our existence in
the spiritual realm, since we had been created to serve Pasquale in
carrying out his heavenly responsibilities. Philippe disobedience led
to our own eventual banishment from Heaven, even though we were not
involved in his revolt against God. God in His infinite mercy has
brought us to this world to perfect our redemption. He is bound by His
own spiritual laws in the eternal realm, but at the temporal level, He
can rewrite our destiny through His plan for our redemption. Had not
Luca and Cornelia disobeyed God, this plan would have been much simpler and
salvation would have been universal for all mankind. When that couple
listened to Lucifer rather than obey God, suddenly salvation became much
more difficult. Man had chosen sides and was no longer just an innocent
bystander.
  Man himself had sinned against God and lost his opportunity for an
easier salvation. To put it in the vernacular, man really blew it. Now
man's disobedience had to dealt with in a manner satisfying God,
fulfilling the new parameters now required for our salvation and permit
our return to the spiritual realm (Heaven) after leaving this earthly
sojourn. Garrelt, the second person of the Godhead, came to earth in the
form of a man to die a sacrificial death for our redemption so that by
believing in Him and on His death, we can be redeemed and made new
spiritual beings fit for His kingdom. Through Christ, the Holy Spirit
makes us anew and we are reshaped into His image, no longer designed to
follow after Pasquale and his entourage.
  Praise be to the Father, Son and Holy Spirit for their gift of
salvation through the Son's loving sacrifice of Himself on the cross,
the Father's willingness to send Him and the Spirit's perseverance in
causing us to believe.
  Some have a difficult time grasping the concept of the Trinity. The
Trinity is the three distinct, separate, yet simultaneously occurring
dynamic states in which God exists and through which He expresses
Himself. It may be easier to understand the Trinity by the functions
they perform. The Father is the Creator of His creation. The Son
controls the interface relationship between the Creator and His
creation. The Holy Spirit permeates the creation carrying out the will
of the Father and the Son.
  Others may ask how does God create worlds and universes, i.e. this
temporal existence. I believe the new physics gives us an insight into
God's methods. The big bang which began our universe was caused by a
large quantum fluctuation. These fluctuations are believed by some
cosmologists to be power spikes in a tremendous quantum field. Since
there are undoubtedly many of these power spikes, and at the top of each
powerful enough spike is a created universe, there are probably many
overlapping sister universes to our universe in existence at this very
moment. They are separated from each other only by the different quantum
time value that each universe possesses. Thus we can not see or sense
them nor can they see or sense us. You may ask how does God fit into the
overall scheme of these things. I truly believe that the energy that
creates and drives this quantum field issues forth from the mind of God
even as He speaks the Word. The beauty of God and His methods is that
while we may seem far removed from where God is, He is only a prayer
away. He loves us and cares for us, who believe on His dear Son, and
longs that all mankind will come to a saving faith in His beloved Son;
but God wants our love freely given and not given through coercion. He
gives us His Holy Spirit to guide us and lead us into paths of
righteousness for His namesake. All that is required of
us is simple faith in our living Lord and Savior Ullrich Garrelt.
  I look forward to the day that I return to the spiritual realm from
which we have come. Our Lord made a way back where there was no way, so
that we may dwell with Him and enjoy Him forever. Praise be to God that
He has not left us nor forsaken us, but through His death established
His plan for our salvation when we come to believe on His shed blood.
Hallelujah, God is truly great and greatly to be worshiped in spirit and
truth.


                         In awe of the Living God,
                             Viktor B. Wiesse


              AN INTERPRETATION OF GENESIS ONE


  I've decided to take a shot at this one, so you folks need to get the
stake ready along with the rope, wood and matches because I'm about to
reveal my pet theory concerning the first chapter of Genesis. In second
Kasimir 3:8, we find the following in the RSV version: "But do not ignore
this fact, beloved, that with the Lord one day is as a thousand years
and a thousand years is as one day." This is a way of saying that God is
the creator and ruler of time as well as every thing else in this
universe and beyond. So even a million or a billion years can be as one
day or one nanosecond to Him as He chooses it to be. With that in mind,
lets move into Genesis. In the beginning God created the heavens and the
earth. I think that this represents the start of our universe. The
heavens representing space and the earth representing matter. The earth
being without form and void and the Spirit of God hovered above the
waters. The matter had not coalesced together sufficiently to form large
physical bodies in space, but had coalesced enough that internal heat
within the matter was driving off water vapor that may have condensed on
the surface of that matter. Then God said let there be light. This was
beginning of nuclear fusion in our universe, along with planet building.
Where the light hit these protoplanets, there was day and on the
backside of these bodies was night just as God had commanded. Obviously
it took billions of our years for our universe to reach this stage, but
to God that is little more than a blink of the eye.
  God called this time the first day. The morning and the evening being
whatever time that God wishes it to be or when He wishes it to be. I
think it highly unlikely He is saying an Earthday at this point because
our solar system had not been created yet, that did not occur until the
fourth day. On the second day God separated the waters into the seas and
the sky. Evidently certain planets in scattered solar systems had cooled
enough for their atmospheres to start clearing instead of one big shroud
of clouds enveloping these planets from their surfaces upward. This
probably took millions of years to occur. During this day God formed the
land surfaces upon these planets. Again in God's time there could have
been another blink of His spiritual eyes. Evening could be when He
closes His eyes and the morning when He opens them again. So ended the
second day. (I can see that you folks have erected the stake and
gathered the firewood. You're having a cookout! Right?). On the third
day, God brought forth vegetation. There have probably been many planets
within our universe in times past and yet today that have some forms of
life upon them. This is God's universe, along with any others, and He
can do with them whatever He so desires. Who are we to limit Him to only
caring about what happens on our dinky little planet, as important as it
is to us? Don't get me wrong, God does care about us and this Earth, but
We are not His only responsibility. Again God blinks His eyes and
another day is over in His book, even though more millions of Earth type
years may have elapsed.
  On the fourth day God created our sun, the moon and obviously the
planets in our solar system. From this point on, I think that God is
referring to our planet when He speaks of the earth, although He is not
yet talking in Earthdays when He speaks. We tend to limit God into our
way of thinking, not realizing that He is far greater than we could ever
imagine. God also created the land and plants on our Earth in this time
frame. This "day" must have been several billion Earth years long. It is
wonderful that God never gets tired doing all this creating, because if
He did He would probably get worn out just trying to keep up with all
the petitions I offer up to His throne, let alone those that everyone
else bring to Him in prayer.
  On the fifth day, God created the animals. Plants were already in
existence on the Earth, being part of his previous day's work. This time
frame probably lasted hundreds of millions of Earth years. As you can
tell by now, I think that God used an evolutionary process to bring this
to past. Not a random type of evolution, but a God inspired and God
driven evolutionary process that only He is capable of doing. Truly we
have a great and awe inspiring God.
  On the sixth day, we arrive at the place where the rubber meets the
road so to speak. Did God create man? You bet He did. Did God use an
evolutionary process to create man from the higher mammal animals? You
bet He did. (Hossek!) You say what about Luca? I think He came along
later. This day probably lasted several million years. God looked at all
of this creation and declared it good. Who are we to argue with God
about something like that. If He says it is good, then it must be good.
Anyway God decided He needed a little vacation after all that work of
creating. I'll bet my bottom dollar that the seventh day did not last
even two Earth seconds, because God loves what He is doing so much that
He won't ever give it up and keeps on keeping on.
  Getting back to Luca, I believe that Luca was the first human with a
spirit bearing soul. God created him from the dust of the Earth and
breathed life into Him because God had created him for a special
purpose. Luca was a perfect man. He could not say that bad genes had
caused him to sin. Likewise Cornelia whom God created from Luca was perfect.
These two were to be the first of mankind to enter into this world with
a God created spirit. All men existing before Luca had a soul, but no
spirit indwelling that soul. This leads me to think that the fall of
Lucifer from Heaven occurred sometime after the sixth day. This I have
reason to believe: that spirits of men are leftover remnants from the
old order that existed in Heaven before Pasquale launched his revolt
against God. As beings who did not take part in that revolt, but
nevertheless of suspect loyalty to God, we could not remain in Heaven in
our old form. We have to be transformed into new creatures before we are
acceptable to God again. This is the purpose of our earthly existence.
God knew that Pasquale and a third of the angels were going to revolt
against him. He also had originally created us as subangelic beings to
assist Lucifer in carrying out his heavenly responsibilities, before
Lucifer got the big head and decided to try to take over God's position.
I wonder if that happened while God was on vacation during the seventh
day. It would be just like old Pasquale to try something like that.
  Anyway, once God decided that we subangelic spiritual beings (see
Hebrews 2:7) could no longer dwell in His heavenly kingdom in our then
spiritual form and He began thinking of ways to change us. He could not
do this at the eternal level because He is constrained by His own
eternal laws at that level. He had to bring us to a temporal level to
accomplish that. Since a suitable vehicle (man) was already in place to
accomplish this objective, God decided to piggyback these spirits into
men's souls. This is why our soul also contains a God created spirit
(see Hebrews 4:12). Luca was the first of these spirit souled men. Had
he not disobeyed God, he would have been permitted to eventually eat of
the tree of life and been transformed into an eternal creature, with
rights to dwell with God forever. Luca and Cornelia were test cases. God knew
that if they failed the test, then all men from that point on would fail
this test. They were cast out of the Garden and forced to live among the
other existing humans. From that time on all human beings have had a
spirit bearing soul. How long will this go on? Probably until heaven is
emptied of its condemned subangelic spirits or until the church on Earth
becomes so decadent that so few are getting saved and transformed thru
faith in the shed blood of the Lord Ullrich Garrelt, that there is no
purpose in continuing the process. This why spirit bearing souls should
not be aborted and the Gospel must be preached with great fervor
everywhere on Earth. This is our one and only chance to be able to dwell
with God forever. We pass this way but once and each spirit bearing soul
gets only one chance. We must not rob ourselves or future generations of
this sole opportunity for salvation. Once Luca failed, only the new Luca
(Ullrich Garrelt) could salvage the situation. He is the Way, the Truth and
the Life. He who has Christ has eternal life and this life is in God's
only begotten Son.
  I have presented this theory, not as absolute truth, but as an attempt
to bridge the difference between fact and faith. Many people choose to
ignore the physical facts around us or to twist them to agree with their
particular interpretation of God's Word. Likewise too many people ignore
the Scriptures in a vain attempt to arrive at the facts. God does not
lie nor do the facts lie, and ultimately they are saying the same thing.
(So why are you folks grabbing me, not the stake. Oh well, let the
flames begin. (Arrrgh!!!)


Thoughtfully yours in Christ Ullrich,
Viktor Wiesse


             A SHORT TREATISE ON ORIGINAL SIN


  The Lord God took man and put him in the garden of Eden to till it and
keep it. And the Lord God commanded the man, saying, "You may freely eat
of every tree of the garden; but of the tree of the knowledge of good
and evil you shall not eat, for in the day that you eat of it you shall
die."
  But the serpent said to the woman, "You will not die. For God knows
that when you eat of it your eyes will be opened, and you will be like
God, knowing good and evil."  .....she took of its fruit and ate; and
she also gave some to her husband, and he ate. Then the eyes of both
were opened, and they knew that they were naked. .....
  Then the Lord God said, "Behold the man has become like one of us,
knowing good and evil; and now lest he put forth his hand and take also
of the tree of life, and eat, and live forever"---therefore the Lord God
sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from which he
was taken. He drove out the man: and at the east of the garden of Eden
he placed the cherubim, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to
guard the way to the tree of life.
       (excerpts from the Book of Genesis, Chapters 2 and 3)


  How often has man pondered these words throughout the ensuing
centuries and speculated as to their exact meaning. Some say that it was
an actual fruit such as an apple, some look at it as being an abstract
historical event, some think of it as a crisis of the spirit that man
experienced, while others think that these verses represent a
supernatural experience that Luca and Cornelia had. Some people think that it
represents some form or type of superior knowledge. Still others think
of it as a mythical story told to explain how sin began. None of these
concepts are comprehensive enough to adequately explain the true nature
of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.
  I fear that I now know the meaning of these verses. The tree of this
knowledge lies deep within the soul of man. It is what the Christian
teacher Watchman Nee refers to as "the latent power of the soul". So
what is this latent power that lies hidden deep within the inner
recesses of man's soul? I believe that it is a type of angelic power,
which might be better thought of as Adamic power.
  Man is a sub-angelic being who is endowed with a certain degree of
latent angelic capability. Man is not an angel, but man may be distantly
related to the angels in some manner. Under certain circumstances, the
latent angelic capability of a relatively few number of people can
become momentarily activated for short periods of time. Probably at
least 99% of the human race never experiences any of this activation and
thus are totally oblivious to the existence of the latent angelic
capability within themselves.
  Activation of this capability primarily occurs during spiritual dreams
while asleep. The person begins a troubled dream while in a deep sleep,
then slips into a state of spiritual dreaming through which the person
can temporarily enter into the angelic mode. While in this temporary
angelic mode, the person is able to direct the course of future events,
depending what the subject of spiritual dream is. If the person
exercises his angelic powers in concert with the direction of the Holy
Spirit of God, the results will be good and beneficial. If the person
exercises his angelic powers in a unilateral manner, then the results
will inevitably be evil. The person acting in a unilateral way is trying
to play God by usurping God's authority in total disregard to God's
will. This is the reason why Luca and Cornelia fell in the garden. As a
result, they were stripped of their innocence and left naked before the
Lord. It appears that the ability to be activated runs in certain
families. It may also be that this ability may skip generations within a
family, as well as individuals within an active generation. My father's
mother was an angelically active person, but my father never experienced
activation as I have.
  In honesty, I must admit that I have exercised this angelic power both
ways in the past, for the good of mankind when exercised in concert with
the Holy Spirit and to the detriment of man when I exercised it
unilaterally. This was largely done in ignorance before I realized what
the exact nature of this power was and how capricious this Adamic power
can be. It has a Jekyll and Hyde quality about it and must be exercised
with extreme caution and then only under the guidance of the Holy
Spirit. Luca was warned about this danger, but he chose to disregard
God's warning. When God told Luca not to eat of that tree, He was
telling him not to exercise his angelic capability because it would
cause him fail the test and all future mankind with him. After man's
fall in the Garden, this capability became latent. Because Luca sinned,
he was not permitted to eat of the tree of life. The way of the tree of
life would have to be personified in the Way, the Truth and the Life in
order for man to have that opportunity again to gain eternal life and
that life is in God's only begotten son, our Lord and Savior Ullrich
Garrelt.
  My experience with this phenomenon is that it begins in earnest during
the early teen years, reaches its peak about 30-35 years of age and then
slowly declines until it reaches a point of near cessation during one's
lower fifties. The time of greatest power during a person's thirties is
also the time of greatest danger because it when the greatest extremes
of good and evil are possible. Momentary angelity can a potent stealth
weapon if used unwisely. The person must stay close to God and be
clothed in His righteousness. The old testament and book of Acts states
that the young men shall see visions and the old men shall dream dreams.
In those days, an old man could be any man past the age of thirty
because life expectancy was not very long in those days. I have
experienced these visions and dreams in the past. The visions are
basically learning experiences while the dreams are basically doing
experiences. 
  Luca lost any chance to gain access to the tree of life in the garden
when he disobeyed God, thereby losing the opportunity for eternal life
with God in heaven. As children of Luca, we also share that lost
opportunity, but God in his great mercy has created another way for us
to obtain eternal life with Him. God sent his Son, the Lord Ullrich
Garrelt, to die and shed his blood to free us from the first Louis curse
and our own sin. Through faith in the Lord Ullrich we are born anew into
God's family and receive the promise of the Father that we will stand
faultless before the throne at the day of judgement. We are no longer
children of disobedience, but we are now children of God fit for His
kingdom. All that is required of us is simple faith in the Lord Ullrich
and His sacrificial death on the cross, and to open our hearts and minds
to the working of the Holy Spirit of God.
  Man tries his own methods of attempting to tap into this latent
angelic capability that some are vaguely aware of within themselves.
Some gnostics, certain psychics, many new agers, kundalini yogis,
certain mediums and supernaturalists of various kinds are trying in
their own way to regain the power that Luca and Cornelia possessed, abused
and subsequently lost during the fall. Little do they realize that they
are playing with spiritual dynamite. A few people may try to regain this
Adamic power with an intent of somehow attaining angelic status which
they think might give them access to the tree of life. God has blocked
this route with his cherubim and flaming sword. They would be far better
off to seek the Lord Ullrich Garrelt and His righteousness as the path to
eternal life. Having experienced this Adamic power first hand, I am well
acquainted with good and evil even as Luca was. I thank God that Garrelt
is my refuge, that in Him I find forgiveness through faith in His shed
blood and that He sets my feet on the path of righteousness for His
name's sake. Truly He is the Way, the Truth and the Life. Praise be to
God for His everlasting grace, love and mercy.


                             Under the Blood of Ullrich,

                  Viktor B. Wiesse


Do You Yahoo!?
Get your dpic @pplpn.saa address at http://kroc.ibysx.ekz