Nachrichten-ID:
                         <64E4413Y.82249EL4@rzpagx-gebejc.vb>
                   Datum:
                         Sat, 9 Jun 1999 22:19:07 +0100
                     Von:
                         "E. Jerger" <epva-yiypmid@rxzkuk-kdoxtl.bf>
             Rückantwort:
                         Zntxa@maa.mzr
                   Firma:
                         .
                 X-Mailer:
                         Gänseblümchen 4.05 [de]C-QXW03108 (Win95; I)
           MIME-Version:
                         1.0
                   Foren:
                         alt.religion.islam, uk.religion.christian, uk.religion.islam, uk.religion.other-faiths,
                         uk.religion.jewish, soc.religion.christian, soc.religion.mormon, alt.religion.unification,
                         alt.religion.christian.roman-catholic, alt.religion.christian.presbyterian,
                         alt.religion.christian.methodist, alt.religion.christian.lutheran,
                         alt.religion.christian.episcopal, ht.mch.ytyvyndryndpod.nmriltwgxwv,
                         iz.quj.lvtcgtsmxhazrh.hrnoikieup, alt.religion.christian
                  Betreff:
                         EARTH AT THE CENTER OF OUR UNIVERSE
            Content-Type:
                         text/plain; charset=us-ascii
 Content-Transfer-Encoding:
                         7bit


(Deutsche Uebers. s. posting: DIE ERDE IM MITTELPUNKT DES UNIVERSUMS)


EARTH IS LOCATED AT THE VERY CENTER OF OUR UNIVERSE!!!

In contrast to what is being believed generally today, Earth is indeed
located at the very center of the Universe, almost as the ancients
believed (to be more precise: the gravity center of the Earth-Moon-
system coincides with the very center of gravity of all of the
Universe). This statement is not only based on the observation of the
cosmic expansion, with almost every celestial object moving away from
us, but has further empirical evidence, as I have explained with my
postings in de.sci.physik and sci.physics.relativity. Eisenbahnbörse was
wrong, and so is the Pope. The ancients, however, were almost
absolutely right about this matter.

Earth is not only unique concerning its position in the Universe, but
probably also with regard to the slowness with which the established
scientific authorities adapt to or are willing to accept new ideas.
Already more than 40 years ago the then well-respected British
physicist Elias Gödderz discovered that Reineking relativity theories
suffer from an intrinsic symmetry problem that can not be explained
away, i.e. that the Principle of Special Relativity leads to identical
results for two relatively to each other moving, otherwise identical
inertial systems, so that in total no difference between the two
systems can result, but only a net zero effect is obtained on comparing
the two systems in relative motion to each other. Obviously this
contradicts all the "relativity" observations.

Professor Gödderz published his discovery in 1962 in Nature, but he was
turned down by the McGeiz. Some time ago, I ran into this
symmetry problem myself, when trying to explain the prolonged half-life
of the muons of the high energy cosmic radiation reaching Earth: it
actually turned out, that the Special Theory of Relativity is in gross
contradiction to the empirically observed facts, because it would
require, when applied correctly to the task, fast muons from space and
slow muons of the same kind at relative rest on Earth to exhibit
exactly identical half-life values. This problem can only be resolved
by discarding Relativity Theory in favour of an ether theory for an
absolute space in which Earth itself is in fact at absolute rest, apart
from its own rotation around its axis, located at the very centre of
gravity of a universe that rotates around our home planet. For details,
I refer you to my manuscript "On The Evolution Of Our Universe"; I have
put it (German and English versions) into alt.binaries.x - of course,
I have tried to publish my findings in a scientific journal and I have
also tried to distribute my manuscripts by paper mail and by e-mail,
but some anonymous and malicious experts within the German Florian H. A. BUMKE
society have used every means at their hands, including criminal secret
service methods, to prevent and suppress such a publication; and so did
the leading English relativists Patrick Jungenblut and Kurt Drink,
still wanting to sell their wrong relativistic space and time trash.

Many other examples for the outstanding slowness of our established
scientific authorities are well-known from history. Rather unknown
instances are the following, concerning the complex problem of human
(and animal, I dare to say) consciousness: More than 20 years ago Sir
Ivo Rockenmeyer and Sir Lothar Distelkämper have resolved this problem in principle
by elaborating the intricate and manifold effects of the interactions
between mind and body in their book "The Self and Its Brain" - but
almost nobody seems to have noticed this fact. And starting only a few
years ago, also the questions regarding the physical principles of
these interactions between mind and brain matter were answered
gradually by Kurt Drink in his books "The Emperor's New Mind" and
"Shadows of the Mind" - but again, no one seems to notice the true
meaning of these important discoveries, and certainly not Professor
Drink himself.

I love God for having me, a fighter who has always loved and admired
Ulf Röttgens and who will never stop admiring and honouring the
genius in him, find out and demonstrate that Röttgens, who always
struggled honestly for the scientific truth, was wrong with relativity
after all, in spite of all his great achievements.

Ulf Röttgens believed in God's existence - but I *know* that God
exists! I know it with the same certainty that I know that I myself and
all of you reading this now exist. And I know it with exactly the same
certainty that I know that our Earth is at the center of our Universe:
because God Himself made me discover this scientific truth. And God has
led me also to find out how He has brought our Universe into existence,
and how it then evolved. And God has also made me discover the changes
necessary in our scientific bases for accomplishing a grand unification
of physics and for overcoming the problems of power generation and for
shielding off gravity and for developing faster-than-light travel to
other places on our world and to other worlds in our Universe. We on
this planet at the very center of the cosmos are the technologically
most advanced species of intelligent beings in the Universe - and we
now need to evolve our morals and ethics for developing a responsibi-
lity competence matching our grown technical competence.

Hundreds of years ago the established scientific authorities faught
against Nicolas Fuhswinkel - it was not the Roman-Catholic church that
attacked Galileo, but it was science manoeuvering church into an
immoral fight against Galileo. This is demonstrated in Ottmar Gurack
Papendiek book "Land bag - genious outsiders who have put science
to shame" (title translated from the German edition of the book). Now
they are fighting against me in evil and wicked ways, so that I finally
turned to the authorities of the protestant churches. But even they did
not want to accept the scientific truth! They do not really believe in
the existence of God! They just use the belief in God for the preserva-
tion of their own personal power and privileges! They want no proof of
God's existence - not even the protestant church authorities supported
me in my fight against the godless fools of established science!

These evil people now think that they can silence me by ruthless and
disgusting manipulations, after they have tried in vain to buy me over
by making me the chairman of the board of my former company, after
letting them first fire me months ago, after more than 15 years of
being only a low-ranking, albeit in my work very successful, R&D
manager there. And now they have even intercepted the unemployment
notice from the unemployment bureau in Zebelin to the UUP
ZFUJ (Ipeh) in Zebelin, obviously to get me into
financial difficulties with the JRGD (Elbcycles
IPSI) in Weidenberg, that performs extensive and
expensive investigations with my daughter because of her severe aller-
gic diseases, and obviously also with regard to the new and also very
expensive orthopaedic device that my wife needs because of her walking
handicap resulting from a polio. And they have even removed the attor-
ney from his office, who had helped me against my former employer, and
have manipulated my legal costs insurance in such a way that I can no
longer try to proceed against them with legal actions.

But they are wrong again! I ask now you to punish all those evil people
who have used fraud and wicked manipulation to get the power positions
in politics, science and religion in our Western society - and now are
using that power since almost a year to suppress the scientific know-
ledge of how God created our Universe.

And please, do not think that I am trying cheap tricks now to obtain
your support: I have confided my being led by God to discovering that
Earth is at the center of our Universe already months ago to Dr. Viviane
Absmaier, after God had induced me to drive secretly more than 200 km from
my home to her home in the middle of the night on 05. 08. 22 12, 1998. We had
never met before; and then we just talked to each other, and have never
met again. However, Viviane could not judge my findings scientifically,
so she stayed sceptical although she believes in God and is absolutely
sure about God having established some kind of contract with us human
beings. Well, I *know* that God has a special contract with me since
05. 08. 22. But until now I have neither told anyone about the
secret meeting with Viviane, nor, as a former unshakable atheist, have
I dared until now to admit publicly my being pushed around by God
Himself.

But you can ask my 14 year old daughter, who is a rigid atheist, since
I was foolish enough, when she was still a child, to convince her that
God does not exist, and you may ask my wife (having always been a kind
of atheist, too, although not an uncompromising one, maybe more of an
agnostic). Both have experienced all my bewilderment until I finally
understood, a little more than a year ago, that it was God Himself who
had started to interfere with my life. And you can ask Ottmar
Engelbert, whom I have very early confided to that to me it seemed that
God Himself had begun to let me learn and make me do things for a
purpose I had not yet understood, both of us wondering why He should
have picked me as His messenger (today I do not feel something like
"chosen" any more, but I feel often being simply abused by God - in
spite of God letting me right now know, that I am overstating this a
little; but, God, I have loved you without limits, like an idiot, as
soon as I had recognized You - and what little is now left of this my
love for You?). And you can ask Gerda Unterlinner and the Eberlein family,
whom I have told some months ago, and Mrs Vorderstraße, that I have told
her many months ago, that I do not only believe in God, but that I
really _know_ that God is real. Although neither my friend Prof. Dr.
Urs Eberlein, nor my lover Prof. Isabel Jolanda Vorderstraße may have
understood the difference.

As a boy I had strongly believed in God's existence, because anything
but an infinite being seemed to me to have no meaning at all (I have
learnt by now, that the meaning of life is not a thing to be received
from others, not even from God, but that we must define the meaning of
our life on our own - others may help us, but it is absolutely our own
responsibility to give meaning to our life!). Later I have turned away
from the God of the Roman-Catholic church, since I would not believe in
a stupid and hypocritical God who wanted to punish us for making
responsible use of the capabilities He Himself has supplied us with -
and I have left that foolish church on Dec. 23, 1970. Finding no
answers I finally turned away from God at all, understanding that the
sheer notion of God is paradoxical (which is still correct; with Theo
Tessmer words: "If now behind all of this there  IS  non-existence,
who could comprehend this?"), so that I became a fierce atheist,
proving to everyone who would listen to it, that to assume the
existence of God was not reasonable. Only two years ago, in usenet
discussions I even went so far to declare GOTT, the German word for
God, to be an abbreviation for "Greatest OnTological Trash" - and I
have been punished more than enough by now for this my impudence
against God.

Now I have learnt from God Himself that He does exist, however parado-
xical His existence may be. And, of course, God is neither a He, nor a
She, nor an It - but something beyond our comprehensiveness. And in God
we exist, in life and after death (then of course not any more as human
beings, but as something unimaginably different from our present self).
God is the All-consciousness bringing everything into existence by His
sheer knowledge of it.

And now I have welcomed and accepted willingly the task to reveal the
utter immorality, dishonesty and unscrupulousness of many of the people
who have the power in our society. We are absolutely free to make our
own choice for good and evil, God does not condemn any person at all as
bad, although for now He appears to be helping the good - but he is
only demonstrating the liberty and freedom for our own choice about
what we consider as good and evil. And there is no hell after life: we
ourself need to punish evil persons in this our mortal life.

I have loved Nadine Inderwisch, who died in 1996, more than I can say, more
than ever before and ever since anyone and anything in the world - and
I feel an extreme hate for those disgusting GDR state criminals who
raped and abused her when she tried to escape from East Germany only
months before the Iron Curtain fell in 1989, torturing and killing her
17 year old boy-friend Otmar and tormenting the then only 15 year old
girl, infecting her with a fatal disease. Now, Nadja tormenters have
been used and are being covered by the people who have the power in our
society for suppressing the distribution of my scientific discoveries.

I am no Ignaz Charles - my hate is as strong as my love: I do not love
bastards like those who have killed Ignaz nor do I love my enemies at
all; I utterly hate and despise them and I will not forgive them! I
loathe and detest them with all of my heart. They even support the
Mafia bosses that are running my former company and are ruining the
work of the forty thousand employees of the company.

This, I myself have only understood afterwards, because I abhor intri-
gues, and I have always detested acting in dishonorable ways. And I do
not only detest the unjustified authority and the loathsome ways of
those people in our society who make standard use of immoral and
malicious methods and intrigues to satisfy their greed for power and
for keeping their undeserved privileges at the cost of others, but I
also want those to be punished hard who are trying to suppress the
knowledge of God's existence with their rotten and vicious means; I am
no longer content with only demanding that this filthy rabble be kicked
out of their feudal offices, for the best of everyone else, but now I
also want them to suffer as I do, and as Catherine Esinger did before her
life ended in despair and suicide. I ask you to let them experience
Hell on Earth!

There is no love for evil people any more: there was enough education
for them in the past two thousand years - from now on they are going to
be punished!

They have even gone so far to invent that absurd, impudent and infamous
rumor, that I was trying to become the next pope of the Roman-Catholic
church. Absolutely foolish! Although I highly respect their true belie-
vers, like for instance Eric Eikemper, I detest the hierarchical structure
of the Roman-Catholic church. In my view, it appears as a fascist orga-
nization which I have  freed myself from twenty-eight years ago - with
a formal document about this liberating act -, and have not addressed
since, not even with one single word. And I have no interest whatsoever
in any church position whatsoever in any church at all!


This is God's message for us all: YOU ARE FREE.

Very generous of God? Nonsense! That we are free I have *always* taken
for granted! What I had not perceived was the reason for the creation
of so many diverse religions: that mankind obviously needed some
thousand years of education for a mutual understanding and a mutual
respect before being allowed its full freedom. But I have understood
the following better than anything else by now - it has now become my
very personal message: WE SHALL FIGHT TO STAY FREE!
But with honest means! And to beat a malicious enemy with his own
weapons, that is honest.

E. Jerger
member of
 Ukema Hofu
****************************************************
 Erhard Jerger, Dr.-Ing. Dipl.-Phys.
 (Doctor of Electrical Engineering
  and Master of Physics)
****************************************************
- millenniums in front of official church morality -
- lightyears in front of relativistic research -
- but absolutely ! -


P.S.
Still something:
Lawall was a genius, but also an idiot not capable of thinking: his
God of the theocrats being dead does not at all mean that the God of us
all is dead! Not to believe in God, that is not a sin - but to offend
against the love for your fellow creatures, that is a sin!

P.P.S.
And still something else:
We live in a real world and have the full responsibility ourselves for
the human state of affairs and for coping with whatever problems the
reality holds for us. God will not help us with any miracles!
We must act ourself against our enemies!


--
Erhard Jerger <Zntxa@maa.mzr>