Yeah i'll admit that some guy once called it that...


Yeah right, mysticism is knowing that you haven't got a fucking clue so
you may as well get out as many expletives as you can before you die. Am
I right or am I right? ;]


I'd call a ham and cheese sandwich pretty finite and that will usually
do me. Maybe there's some infinity in my sandwich that I hadn't noticed
before. That must be satiating me.


What quest? I am questing for chocolate bars if you want me to pick you
up some =]


Sit on its pointy end until it becomes pleasant. Ohm.


I'd call that point silence. Some are doing better than others.


Artists are the guys who fight the rulemakers usually. They'd tell ya to
go to hell and burn with your duty =]


Well, at last we agree on a definition. The Supreme Bliss I experienced
yesterday wasn't as good as the Supreme Bliss that I experience today.
Maybe my memory is just tricking me so that I think I am getting
somewhere...


Hey, you're changing your definition of Yoga. Are you even ALLOWED to do
that?


Just.


That's not really adding the same thing then.


Let us sing sweet songs as the great spoon of unification swirls us and
dissolves us in the water. No thanks, being cranky suits me just fine
now.


Supreme Charm? How many wallets did this guy con out of people? ;]


Or maybe they have more fun eating each other and basking in the sun
than they do expressing how wonderful they think the universe is.


Because they don't really care.


Where did this come from? You asked a plant?


Please indicate the brain on this diagram of a bramble. Mind you say?
Maybe you have telepathy with the plants. Then again, maybe you are a
crazy old man...


Yeah, we only think it can... wait a minute...


I like this definition of unification.


Usually I associate sources with beginnings and sinks with finality.


Sounds like some Cosmic Stuff or Important Capitalisation to me.


I'd call it the Supreme Goal then. The goal of all goals. The
purposeless purpose and all that.


By point I assume he means not 'point' as such (heh) but where the
culmination err... culminates. For instance, my thumb culminates inside
my thumb.


Where humans are lacking in this spirit of movement, they more than make
up in name-calling, you...


That is a cool name.


There are 13 other parts of this inane tripe?