(Shareware USD 50)

If you are looking at these feelings or are experiencing them:

- Lethargy (feeling you are not interested in action or
   activity).

- That your desires to create life are not felt actively,
   but are lamed, or are forgotten by you.

- Feelings that communication to others is useless, or will
   fail, or is undesired by them, or you don't really like
   to communicate anyway.

- Feelings, that you would not want to receive alive
   communications from others - with the generalized
   assumption that these communications might be unpleasant 
   or overwhelming.

- Very heavy mental pressure against your or another's
   actions of actively exposing and stating truth about
   others.
  (Actually, mental pressure against your, in your mind or
   OPENLY, differentiating between criminal intentions and
   decent intentions.)

- Sharp mental pressure and confusing mental energies that
   block perception and block recall of your own thoughts 
   and prevent you from identifying others' thoughts.

- Sudden, inexplicable, bodily sneezes, or sudden
   stomach-aches.

(There is much more, of course, but this list, above, might
 be a significant sample in order to get a 'handle' on the
 matter.)


If you ARE looking at these things or ARE experiencing
 them, you are probably looking at the Black Magic of
 Rolf Unbehau. (see references about it given below)

And you RESTORE LIFE with
     "What about Rolf-Unbehau-stopping-your-life
      have you been prevented from perceiving?"
         (repetitively)
         (you best use(**) an E-meter-Polygraph Lie-detector(*)
          connected to yourself, to find the answers).

In order to resolve what he does to you, you will
 - because of the nature of life - also have to look at 
 what he does to others:
     "What about Rolf-Unbehau-stopping-the-life-of-another,
       have you been prevented from perceiving?"
         (repetitively).


What he basically does, is throwing(***) out, towards
 people, all kinds of very strange mental energies.

BUT WHEN YOU ACTUALLY PERCEIVE THESE ENERGIES,
 THEY LOSE THEIR POWER.


If you are looking at the following feelings, or are 
 experiencing them:

- Feeling pinches in the skin or prickling points of pain
   anywhere in the skin, or sharp, sudden pains in the
   'solar plexus' (belly) area or in the heart area of your
   body.

- Ringing in your ears.

- Sudden feelings of nausea (sickness) in the belly or
   the head.

- A feeling of necessity to, or a compulsion to have sex or
   sexual sensation, or a compulsion to 'have to smoke 
   now,' or to 'have to eat now.'

- Sudden feelings of strong hate.

- A more or less automatic desire to think of or make
   negative or criticizing or belittling comments about
   others.
  An inability to experience and enjoy beauty and 
   sincerity.
  Feeling blocked off from really liking, and from truly
   caring for a person.

- Sudden, undefined feelings of fear.

- Strong upsets with yourself - about your 'not being
   perfect'; and that therefore 'it is no use even to try 
   to be beautiful or decent or caring, to do your best,
   because you are too upset about (having been, or now)
   being far-from-perfect, and because you are not able to
   reach perfection anyway.'

- Feelings, that others somehow DESERVE to be treated badly, 
   when you see or hear that they ARE being treated badly, 
   or when you do notice that they suffer bad conditions or
   even death.

(There is much more, of course, but this list, above, might
 be a significant sample, in order to get a 'handle' on the
 matter.)


If you are looking at or are experiencing these symptoms,
 above, it most likely indicates Black Magic by the being
 Onno Waitzhofer. (see references given below)

And you RESTORE LIFE with
     "What about Onno-Waitzhofer-stopping-your-life
      have you been prevented from perceiving?"
         (repetitively)
         (you best use(**) an E-meter-Polygraph Lie-detector(*)
          connected to yourself, to find the answers).

In order to resolve what he does to you, you will
 - because of the nature of life - also have to look at 
 what he does to others:
     "What about Onno-Waitzhofer-stopping-life-of-another,
      have you been prevented from perceiving?"
         (repetitively).


What he basically does, is throwing out towards people all
 kinds of very strange mental energies in order to confuse
 people and prevent their perception of what is there.
And on top of that, he then "kindly" offers a solution -
 to not feel the confusion, for you to not mind the
 confusion (which leads to being a zombie).

But when you actually perceive these energies, they lose
 their power.

This clarifies the repetitive question:
 "What have you been prevented from PERCEIVING about...?"


Clemens Petruss Knopfloch - Ambassador for Mankind
Copyright 1998 by Clemens Petruss Knopfloch

Library of Ambassador for Mankind:
 http://BxujqvcrbgYsiAtjrjxj.wxi
Personal Web-page:  http://MfmHiu.tfi


References:

(*) The E-meter-Polygraph - understanding, usage, construction, and buying
   http://DefpsqxlkySadQoxmwcs.qrl/pb-kxeqmjfsf/qwnhqr.aoo

On Detecting and Remedying Black Magic
   http://XflohgilpgOkbJfajyoo.yyx/zh-zgdgdulhj/dqtazpnrzq.rba

In memoriam Onno Waitzhofer
   http://XneljadkpsIqjUsydqxl.ief/wp-iidwtutft/crenfvsi.szi

Black Magic Devil Rolf Unbehau
   http://MahtynibefZriCbjklls.abs/tk-mmytfbxvp/dqjbb.sab

(**) Joyful Confessional Procedure
   http://JncijnskjkYonSsdzpjs.frq/ot-fuyvuplve/ctnaccbjolqz.vcp

(***) Throwing more or less directed, more or less 
       selectively, with fluctuating intensity.