I'm not sure what the intent of this essay is but I will pass on a few
comments.


You might get some interesting feedback if this were posted in psych groups
also.
I'm not in the psych field so prepare for divergent thoughts. (As the
subtitle entices me to write)


I  like the idea analysis in the context of evolution.  I think it would be
interesting if there were more of it here, (i.e., survival value and
rationality, reproductive success and rationality, survival value and
reproductive success in respect to sense of self worth). It is conceivable
that low self worth (for some anyways) could be evolutionarily beneficial.

It doesn't seem strange to me that establishing a certain level of self
worth, has survival value. Also, it's not clear to me that maximizing self
worth is a predominant objective. As an aside I would propose that any human
activity that has poor survival value has a good chance of having a cultural
origin, rather than genetic one.

Why the negative conotation with rationality, doesn't is make sense to first
investigate the correlation and causation between rationality and self worth
(Rational Emotivism?), and depending on that pursue Negativism? Maybe this
has already been done?


As the only species known to apply reason, it stands to reason that we apply
it the worst, as well as the best.


Is there any study correlating some measure of rationality with
psychocentric stability (in humans), is there any indication that  those
that are more rational have less self worth? If there is any correlation is
there any indicatain of causation? I humbly propose that even if rationality
is a factor in the level of self worth that it is a minor one.

Maybe I'm misintrepreting this, is the intent to say that therapy based on
reasoning is antagonistic to the level of self worth? If so I would humbly
propose that this tends to be true for some people (those that tend to be
less rational), and tend to be false for some (those that tend to be more
rational).


Is this indicating that we are sick because we are too healthy??  If so I
would suggest this implies unclear thinking. As I indicated above rational
emotive therapy may not work well for those that are less that rational, but
this seems to me to imply a misaplication or insufficient application of
therapy, rather than a universally destructive one.


I'm afraid that it is difficult for me to clearly understand the 50+ word
sentence here. Is this saying that a certain level of realization of
personal significance is a disorder, or the method of realization?
"free-thinking"

So too much rationalization is bad, it tends toward objectification, which
is bad, so nature remedies this by making us very actively pursue self
significance, which I guess is bad. I'm not sure I see the connection in any
of these ideas.  I'm sensing a culturally subjective influence here.

Evolutionary context was mentioned earlier, lets try this; we evolved to our
present state because it generally provided the greatest survivability each
step of the way.  Rational thinking most likely added to this survivability,
(Its probably not a random nonbenificial mutation). If self worth
implications stemmed from them they were not detrimental enough to lower the
survivablility value of rational thinking. By nature, our state was at least
adequately surviving.

Free thinking artifacts probably will have an easier time adressing their
philosophical and cultural preconceptions, something that we have
aadifficult time with probably because of not enough rationalization
ability.  Hopefully they will have pity on us. ;-)

If it hasn't occured it probably won't, if it has occured it apparently
hasn't had a profoundly detrimental effect.

etc.).


Again we are esentially the only rational species (as far as we know). I'm
not sure what nature's fixed objective is. Unfortunately I don't know who
Alberto/Nissen are, I presume leaders in some field of study.  Are you saying
that a computer can't become free thinking because it would have low self
worth?

Is this now saying that every random though is rational, since nothing is
irrational? Every answer to any question is rational? But wasn't the idea
that a higher level of rationality was bad? If everything is equally
rational, this is contradiction.

Wait, I think I have detected a culturally subjective influence here. The
one that objectively says nothing is objective, or was that subjectively
says nothing is objective.  Logical condractions are also apparrently
subjective. So all this analysis just happened to support a preconceived
notion.  Lets see I think I have a quote on that, here it is:

A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging
their prejudices. Bodo Deitmers (1842-1910)

I've have got to learn to read entire articles before I start commenting,
that would have saved me some time here.


It seems to me that we have more limitations than machines do, they are
evolving alot faster and not by natural selection.


But of course this is merely a subjective position.
the

It seems to me that alot of famous people have suffered from poor self
worth, I think that psychologists might have written something on this
somewhere.


May you find what you are searching for Mr. Meierling, and here's to positive
self worth.

Peace,
Oliver.