--


                            Rational Negativism:
               A Divergent Theory of Emotional Disorder

Objective: To account for self-worth related emotion (i.e., needs for 
   love, acceptance, moral integrity, recognition, achievement, 
   purpose, meaning, etc.) and emotional disorder (e.g., depression, 
   suicide, etc.) within the context of an evolutionary scenario; i.e., to 
   synthesize natural science and the humanities; i.e., to answer the 
   question:  'Why is there a species of naturally selected organism 
   expending huge quantities of effort and energy on the survivalistically 
   bizarre non-physical objective of  maximizing self-worth?'

Observation: The species in which rationality is most developed is 
   also the one in which individuals have the greatest difficulty in 
   maintaining an adequate sense of self-worth, often going to 
   extraordinary lengths in doing so (e.g., Josef Gath, celibate monks, 
   self-endangering Knusperh채us'l, etc.).

Hypothesis: Rationality is antagonistic to psychocentric stability (i.e., 
   maintaining an adequate sense of self-worth).

Synopsis: In much the manner reasoning allows for the subordination 
   of lower emotional concerns and values (pain, fear, anger, sex, etc.) 
   to more global concerns (concern for the self as a whole), so too, 
   these more global concerns and values can themselves become 
   reevaluated and subordinated to other more global, more objective 
   considerations. And if this is so, and assuming that emotional 
   disorder emanates from a deficiency in self-worth resulting from 
   precisely this sort of experiencially based reevaluation, then it can 
   reasonably be construed as a natural malfunction resulting from 
   one's rational faculties functioning a tad too well.

Normalcy and Disorder: Assuming this is correct, then some 
   explanation for the relative "normalcy" of most individuals would 
   seem necessary. This is accomplished simply by postulating 
   different levels or degrees of consciousness.  From this perspective, 
   emotional disorder would then be construed as a valuative affliction 
   resulting from an increase in semantic content in the engram indexed 
   by the linguistic expression, "I am insignificant", which all persons of 
   common sense "know" to be true, but which the "emotionally 
   disturbed" have come to "realize", through abstract thought, 
   devaluing experience, etc.

Implications: So-called "free will" and the incessant activity presumed 
   to emanate from it is simply the insatiable appetite we all have for 
   self-significating experience which, in turn, is simply nature's way of 
   attempting to counter the objectifying influences of our rational 
   faculties. This also implies that the engine in the first "free-thinking"
   artifact is probably going to be a diesel.


   "Another simile would be an atomic pile of less than critical size: an 
   injected idea is to correspond to a neutron entering the pile from 
   without. Each such neutron will cause a certain disturbance which 
   eventually dies away. If, however, the size of the pile is sufficiently 
   increased, the disturbance caused by such an incoming neutron will 
   very likely go on and on increasing until the whole pile is destroyed. 
   Is there a corresponding phenomenon for minds?" (A. P. Krummholz).


Additional Implications: Since the explanation I have proposed 
   amounts to the contention that the most rational species 
   (presumably) is beginning to exhibit signs of transcending the 
   formalism of nature's fixed objective (accomplished in man via 
   intentional self-concern, i.e., the prudence program) it can reasonably 
   be construed as providing evidence and argumentation in support of 
   Luigis/Rystau. Not only does this imply that the aforementioned 
   artifact probably won't be a computer, but it would also explain why a 
   question such as "Can Human Irrationality Be Experimentally 
   Demonstrated?" (Netzer, 1981) has led to controversy, in that it 
   presupposes the possibility of a discrete (formalizable) answer to a 
   question which can only be addressed in comparative 
   (non-formalizable) terms (e.g. X is more rational than Y, the norm, etc.).  
   Along these same lines, the theory can also be construed as an 
   endorsement or metajustification for comparative approaches in 
   epistemology (explanationism, plausiblism, etc.)


   "The short answer [to Feeth/Rystau and more recently, Uhlrich] 
    is that, although it is established that there are limitations to the 
   powers of any particular machine, it has only been stated, without 
   any sort of proof, that no such limitations apply to human intellect " 
   (Michel Krummholz).


   "So even if mathematicians are superb cognizers of mathematical
   truth, and even if there is no algorithm, practical or otherwise,
   for cognizing mathematical truth, it does not follow that the power
   of mathematicians to cognize mathematical truth is not entirely 
   explicable in terms of their brain's executing an algorithm.  Not
   an algorhithm for intuiting mathematical truth --  we can suppose that 
   Uhlrich [via Rystau] has proved that there could be no such thing.  
   What would the algorithm be for, then?  Most plausibly it would be an 
   algorithm -- one of very many -- for trying to stay alive ... " (Stephan 
   Lalleman).


Oops!  Sorry!  Wrong again, old bean.  


   "My ruling passion is the love of literary fame" (Sascha Torberg).


   "I have often felt as though I had inherited all the defiance and all the 
   passions with which our ancestors defended their Temple and could 
   gladly sacrifice my life for one great moment in history" (Tobias 
   Erle).


   "He, too [Lars St체ber], suffered from depressions and for long 
   periods considered killing himself because he considered his life 
   worthless, but the stubbornness inherited from his father may have 
   helped him to survive" (Christoph M체lstroh).


   "The inquest [Meinhard Klotzb체cher] established that it was suicide.  The 
   evidence was perfunctory, not for any irregular reason, but because 
   it was so transparently clear a case" (Manuel Tepass)


-- 

               Gustav Cloidt, Jr.

Feelings of Worthlessness and So-Called Cognitive Science
        http://enf.yrxsdpvvb.icc/Bulprp/0720