ursprünglich von mir gepostet in einem Wiki für Sozialaktivisten
des amerikanisch/litauischen Mathematiker/Philosophen/Aktivisten
Holger Uppenbrock.

lg Veit

....

Volker: Holger, thank you for suggesting this page on DeepestValue.
I interpret this as an invitation to write about JointReality. I'll do so during
the next few weeks. In short: JointReality is about bridging the gaps between
worldviews to facilitate communication and collaboration.

=== One Reality ===

Everybody knows what reality is, so it is simple. We wake up in the morning, open our eyes, see our families, eat some 
bread, use some vehicle to get to work ... and we know that the vehicle, the bread, the family members and we ourselves 
are real. We perceive these as parts of one big reality that we live in. This ''is'' simple. This ''seems'' simple.

=== Many Realities ===

On the other hand this concept ''reality'' can become very complicated. It is similar to the concept of ''truth'' but 
even more difficult.

A simple example: people remember and testify a car accident. The testimonies don't fit together exactly. How was it 
really? - The judge assumes a single reality and tries to reconstruct it from partial information.

But: such a reconstruction may not be always possible: the famous movie "Rashomon" shows four persons giving four very 
different convincing testimonies of a crime that just can't be reconciled, challenging the very concept of reality. Do 
we have as many realities as people exist? Is reality just a construction?

Then there is language. The question "Does my partner love me?" may be answered and perceived differently. But even if 
the answer yes or no is given, even if the partners agree, what does "love" really mean? Does it mean a current feeling 
or a decision for life? Does it mean a willingness to "care for" or even to "die for"? If we don't think about what 
"love"  means, we know what it means. But if we start to think about it, we don't know it. Words represent reality, but 
only in a very gross way. Language tries to capture reality, but reality is quicker and escapes.

Some people like the idea of reality and other people feel opressed by it. Our dreams and visions seem to conflict with 
the reality that other people defend. If reality is an arbitrary  construction, then people are in a competition to sell 
their individual reality as the ''one'' reality. Isn't propaganda then a legitimate mean of competing relative 
realities? Is the ''concept of reality'' just a ''fighting ground'' where the stronger rightfully succeeds?

=== Objective Reality ===

Science seems to move us to safe ground. Reality is found by objective descriptions, measurements and reproducible 
experiments. Theories predict the future and can be verified (or falsified) based on hard facts. Yesterday science knew 
a lot, today it knows even more, tomorrow science will know everything. That's great, isn't it?

But there are problems. Science naturally focuses on areas where science excels. Quickly it seems that only those 
phenomena are real that can be scientifically measured. A dream, a thought, a vision, love, God ... unaccessible, 
unmeasurable - therefore not reality? But all these things are important to us, can move people and change the world. So 
how can these be thought unreal?

=== Reconciling Realities ===

There is an eternal search for truth and an eternal search to understand the reality into which we are born. A stone 
doesn't need to understand reality, because it just follows physical laws, maybe as a pebble being washed to the sea. 
But all forms of life develop a sense for the reality that surrounds them. Plants turn to the sun, flowers open and 
close according to the weather, animals and humans have senses to move and act for their advantage. It's everone's right 
to act this way as an individual, to have an individual view of reality and to follow it.

On the other hand we know from experience, that we are better off when we cooperate. No life form can live without a 
living surrounding, even if it is competing and fighting in it. The world of plants would have died millions of years 
ago from the oxygen pollution they produced at that time. Only when the animals appeared - feeding on the oxygen and 
reproducing the carbon dioxide that the plants need - the system got back into a balance.

=== Common Reality ===

So, whatever we think about reality, how we perceive the concept of reality, it is there to help us live in this world 
together. This is only possible if we have parts of reality in common. For example a language that lets us exchange 
information, a culture that serves as a background for thousands of activities where people cooperate.

But this common context is alway bounded. Culture, language, values, religions ... they don't only create common ground 
but also boundaries - and people, cultures outside. While problem inside are reduced - collaboration is facilitated - 
the problems at the boundaries increase.

=== Shared Reality ===

Of course we are always willing to share our reality. Adapt to our culture! Believe in our religion! Accept my view of 
reality! - This would be the simplest solution. But while the sharing of bread is truely humane, the sharing of reality 
isn't. It appears as an excertion of power.

Reality isn't something that we possess and so it seems that we can't share it so easily.

How can we cope with this situation?

=== Joint Reality ===

There is a deep need to live and work together. The ability to work towards common goals is more important than to reach 
an identical view of reality, however desirable or necessary this may seem. It is better to accept that than to fight 
the situation in vain.

When working together we need some common ground. To climb a mountain together, everyone needs a reason - but it needn't 
be the same reason for all. Looking at the mountain from different sides, we see the mountain as different shapes. 
That's only natural. We can try to understand that and respect each other's views.

JointReality is inspired by the economic term ''joint venture''. It means to express partnership and respect,  objective 
overlap of interests and values, limited collaboration towards common goals, building of trust based on cooperation and 
mutual understanding from dialogue in a pragmatic way. But the difference is that JointReality is not restricted to 
economic targets, but encompasses all aspects and problems of life.

The bridge is the picture that goes with it. It connects the different places A and B, without resolving the difference. 
The bridge allows to move quickly from A to B and back, obviously because both places have value.

=== Methods of JointReality ===

To get JointReality from a theoretical program into practical form, it is useful to share experiences and to develop 
methods and attitudes.

'''Attitudes:'''

* Don't be sure that you are right or possess the truth. Because if you do, you will not be fully motivated to 
understand other viewpoints, you will quickly fall back to propagate your view.

* Be patient and suspend judgements. Views are not operable as small isolated pieces, because they are tightly connected 
with the personal context and the worldview of people. Only as a complete picture views make sense.

* Be aware that language is one of the biggest obstacle in understanding each other. Identical words represent different 
realities (meanings) and are bound to different emotions.

'''Methods:'''

* Seek the middle ground between views. Search for common values and common judgments. Talk about personal experiences 
and difficult decisions and choices, instead of theories and predictions.

* Seek for aspects of a view that can be appreciated, even if the view itself is hard to understand or share. Explore 
the whole ground and don't get stuck on single issues.

* Seek for cross view arguments that may be used to maintain a balance or extend the range of possible intermediate views.

'''Goals:'''

* Create good relationships, mutual respect, and partial understanding, even lacking formal agreement about the truth or 
reality.

* Seek common goals, build trust and try cooperation in good faith, even lacking identical motivation or reasoning.

* Thinking together in dialogues as deep as needed. Living together in peace.

This section is the difficult part of JointReality. It will be under permanent reconstruction, while we are learning to 
create it.