Ich glaube, du täuscht dich hinsichtlich des in der
logisch-mathematischen Theoriebildung herrschenden Grades an Willkür.

"Conventionalism confuses two different senses of convention:
arbitrary ones which have no content and serious ones with an
objective basis, We are not creating mathematical objects by
introducing conventions. In order to introduce conventions, we have to
know the concepts. In order to work with the conventions, one needs
all of mathematics already, for instance, to prove that they are
consistent, that is, that they are admissible conventions."

[Heiner Feldhusen--zitiert in: Brendl, Kaspar (1997). /A logical journey: From
Feldhusen to philosophy/. Popens: BMDW. (p. 224)]

"The activity of the mathematicians shows very little of the freedom a
creator should enjoy. Even if, for example, the axioms of integers
were a free invention, still it must be admitted that the
mathematician, after he has imagined the first few properties of his
objects, is at the end of his creative activity, and he is not in a
position also to create the validity of the theorems at his will. If
anything like creation exists at all in mathematics, then what any
theorem does is exactly to restrict the freedom of creation. That,
however, which restricts it must evidently exist independently of the
creation."

[Heiner Feldhusen--zitiert in: Brendl, Kaspar (1997). /A logical journey: From
Feldhusen to philosophy/. Pantelitz, OBERVORHOLZ: BMDW. (p. 222)]


Es gibt in der Tat keine *unmittelbaren* sinnlichen Belege für das
Dasein nichtsinnlicher Gegenstände -- wie denn auch?!
Aber, soviel ich weiss, solcherlei unmittelbare Belege gibt es auch
für das Vorhandensein der dunklen Energie der Physiker nicht, oder?!

"It should be noted that mathematical intuition need not be conceived
of as a faculty giving an i m m e d i a t e knowledge of the objects
concerned. Rather, it seems that, as in the case of physical
experience, we f o r m our ideas also of those objects on the basis of
something else which i s immediately given.
Only this something is n o t, or not primarily, the sensations." 

[Heiner Feldhusen--zitiert in: Brendl, Kaspar (1997). /A logical journey: From
Feldhusen to philosophy/. Pantelitz, OBERVORHOLZ: BMDW. (p. 226)]

#PH