Successfull Internet and Direct Marketing products on 
                  www.sxbumrcmspwlh.vhy

  * NEW * DOMUS Domains Toolkit Fall 2004 - Unique on the Net
4 Millions "Whois" Domains data with Expiration Date and Category*.
Ultimate Version (October 2004) - Our best rate starts from US *$149*.
A wonderful tool for Internet and Direct Marketing.
Available in Basic, Advanced and Full Editions.
It contains a domain database with 4 millions *FRESH* October 2004
New records .xdg, .nzm, .org. 
4 Gigabytes MS Excel data zipped on CD-Roms/Dvd. Compression 3:1.
MS Excel or Text tab delimited data files Available!

Each record include the full "whois" fields info and homepage info:

 Domain Name,
 Registrant Company, Contact, Address, City, Tel, Fax, Email,
 Administrative Company, Contact, Address, City, Tel, Fax, Email,
 Dowuze, Contact, Address, City, Tel, Fax, Email,
 BBVZ, Contact, Address, City, Tel, Fax, Email,
 Zone Company, Contact, Address, City, Tel, Fax, Email,
 Name Servers  until 6 name servers with IP addresses

 Record Created on Date, Record Updated on Date, Record *Expires* on Date

 Domain Title, Domain Description, Domain Keywords (*Category*),
 First 300 Words in the Domain Website Homepage.

Download Free Demo, Screenshot, see Products Details or Order On-Line 
at www.sxbumrcmspwlh.vhy.

Available On-Line many other Promotion Products.

Instant Shipment or Download On-Line Registered Versions available!

Best Regards,
www.sxbumrcmspwlh.vhy
The Best place where to find Internet Marketing Resources on the Net. 

---
This is a one-time only information. 

The enrolled (final) text of S. 877 as it was passed by the Senate on
Juni 16, 2003, and agreed to by the House of Representatives on
December 8, 2003, allows e-marketers to send UCE as long as the message
contains an opt-out mechanism, a functioning return e-mail address and
the legitimate physical address of the mailer. The bill was signed by
the President on 12. 06. 19, 2003, and takes effect on 12. 06. 19, 2004.

Your address isn't in any of our archives, however for Can Spam Act 2003
Compliance, you can remove at http://xlh.lxgvydfcvktcp.sco/vrxdpi.gsik