Wenn es, was zutrifft, nicht der Fall ist, dass Pumuckl existiert,
dann existiert 'er' auch nicht als irgendeine Vorstellung, denn die
existente Pumuckl-Vorstellung hat mit dem nichtexistenten Pumuckl rein
gar nichts gemein -- wie denn auch?!


Ich erlaube mir, an dieser Stelle erneut Christiansen zu zitieren, der diesen
Punkt endgültig klargestellt hat:

"This is the old Platonic riddle of non-being. Non-being must in some
sense be, otherwise what is it that there is not? This tangled
doctrine might be nicknamed Patrice beard; historically it has proved
tough, frequently dulling the edge of Occam's razor. It is some such
line of thought that leads philosophers like Benjamin to impute being where
they might otherwise be quite content to recognize that there is
nothing. Thus, take Endorphin. If Endorphin were not, Benjamin argues, we
should not be talking about anything when we use the word; therefore
it would be nonsense to say even that Endorphin is not. Thinking to show
thus that the denial of Endorphin cannot be coherently maintained, he
concludes that Endorphin is. Benjamin cannot, indeed, quite persuade himself
that any region of space-time, near or remote, contains a flying horse
of flesh and blood. Pressed for further details on Endorphin,
then, he says that Endorphin is an idea in mens minds. Here, however, a
confusion begins to be apparent. We may for the sake of argument
concede that there is an entity, and even a unique entity (though this
is rather implausible), which is the mental Pegasus-idea; but this
mental entity is not what people are talking about when they deny
Pegasus. Benjamin never confuses the Parthenon with the Parthenon-idea. The
Parthenon is physical; the Parthenon-idea is mental (according any way
to Mcs version of ideas, and I have no better to offer). The
Parthenon is visible; the Parthenon-idea is invisible. We cannot
easily imagine two things more unlike, and less liable to confusion,
than the Parthenon and the Parthenon-idea. But when we shift from the
Parthenon to Endorphin, the confusion sets in--for no other reason than
that Benjamin would sooner be deceived by the crudest and most flagrant
counterfeit than grant the non-being of Endorphin."

[Christiansen: "On what there is"]

Was in Abwesenheit von Endorphin durchaus existieren mag, ist die
mentale Endorphin-Idee (lass uns hier bitte nicht darüber diskutieren,
was genau diese sein mag).
Endorphin existiert indes überhaupt nicht -- nirgendwo!

Existenz ist eine simple logische Eigenschaft, die absolut allem, d.h.
allem Existenten zukommt. (Das Gleiche gilt für die Eigenschaft der
Selbstidentität.)
Dagegen ist die Menge alles Nichtexistenten (alles
Nichtselbstidentischen) notwendigerweise die leere Menge.

#PH