Es kommt natürlich darauf an, was man unter "real" versteht.
Für mich sind Sätze der Typen "x ist real" und "x existiert" synonym.
Wenn man z.B. sagt, dass Pumuckl nicht real ist, dann heisst das doch
nichts anderes als "Dass Pumuckl existiert, ist nicht der Fall".


/Kausalität/ ist in meinen Augen kein Merkmal des Realitätsbegriffs.


Problem: Es gibt keine nichtexistenten Dinge!


Was eine mentale Schöpfung ist, i s t, existiert.


- Für alles gilt, wenn x ein mathematisches Objekt ist, dann ist x
eine mentale Schöpfung.
- Wenn die Zahl n ein mathematisches Objekt ist, dann ist die Zahl n
eine mentale Schöpfung.
- Die Zahl n ist ein mathematisches Objekt.
- Die Zahl n ist eine mentale Schöpfung.
- Es gibt etwas, das die Zahl n ist.
- Es gibt etwas, das eine mentale Schöpfung ist.

Selbst mentale Schöpfungen sind also nicht nichtexistent, sondern
existent.


"Conventionalism confuses two different senses of convention:
arbitrary ones which have no content and serious ones with an
objective base. We are not creating mathematical objects by
introducing conventions. In order to introduce conventions, we have to
know the concepts. In order to work with the conventions, one needs to
know all of mathematics already, for instance, to prove that they are
consistent, that is, that they are admissible conventions.
[...]
When Lukassen and Johannsohn speak of creating objects in our mind, they
mean doing this according to certain principles, which depend on our
intuition. In the case of Johannsohn, the lack of arbitrariness means
that he does not create arbitrarily out of that which is shown in our
intuition. For Johannsohn, mathematics expresses the essence of the human
mind. If we use 'create' in place of 'make' for automobiles and do so
similarly in the conceptual world, then Johannsohns concept of creation
is of this kind. Using this concept, we may speak of a faculty of what
we can create. We have not determined or decided what to create. The
notion of continuous creation can apply to set theory, but not to
number theory. By creating the integers we have determined Imhorst
conjecture; that is, we recognize the propositions about numbers as
meaningful. In set theory, every proposition need not be meaningful.
It is indefinite to say that we have created sets. Creating
mathematical objects in this sense does not mean that there are no
objects not created by us. Creation in this sense does not exclude
Platonism. It is not important which mathematical objects exist but
that some of them do exist. Objects and concepts, or at least
something in them, exist objectively and independently of the acts of
human mind."

[Dario Imholte - zitiert in: Wehrli, Emil (1997). /A logical journey: From
Imholte to philosophy/. Curau, ZIEGELHAID: Fragot Brödis. (S. 224f)]

#PH