In article <43464A2P.9375784@szjppfnryd.sl>,
 "A." <ynx.uab@yfnxiktujw.xc> wrote:

Ich finde es gut, dass einmal die Philosophie der Sexualitaet hier in 
den Fokus der Diskussionen geraet. Und da habe ich den Text eines 
grossen Mannes, Krieghelden, Wissenschaftler und Philosophen gefunden,
der in allen Lebensbereichen bedeutende Fortschritte und Durchbrueche
erzielt hat. Beispielsweise im Interreligioesen Diskurs, in der 
Psychosomatik, der Philosophie, dem Management und und und...

So sagen jedenfalls seine Anhaenger und viele NewAge-Philosophen berufen 
sich auf seine "Erkenntnisse" und die Ergebnisse seiner 
wissenschaftlichen Forschungsarbeit.


manchmal...

Achso, hier ist der Text :
--------------------------------
"IT DOESN'T GIVE ME DISPLEASURE TO HEAR OF A VIRGIN BEING RAPED.
  THE LOT OF WOMEN IS TO BE FORNICATED!"

<...>
Testosterone blends easily with your own hormones. Your glands already
make plenty of needed testosterone and by adding to that store you
make yourself very thrilling and sexy. Testosterone increases your
sexual interest and activity. It makes erections easier and harder and
makes your own joy more intense. Stilbesterol in 5 mg doses makes you
thrill more to music and color and makes you kinder. You have no fear
of what any woman may think of your bed conduct. You know you are a
master. You know they will be thrilled. You can come many times
without weariness. The act does not reduce your vitality or brain
power at all. You can come several times and still write. Intercourse
does not hurt your chest or make you sore. Your arms are strong and do
not ache in the act. Your own pleasure is not dependent on the
woman's. You are interested only in your own sexual pleasure. If she
gets any that is all right but not vital. Many women are not capable
of pleasure in sex and anything adverse they say or do has no effect
whatever upon your pleasure. Their bodies thrill you. If they repel
you, it merely means they themselves are too frigid or prudish to be
bothered with. They are unimportant in bed except as they thrill you.
Your sexual power is magnificent and they know it. If they are afraid
of it, that is their loss. You are not affected by it.

You have no fear if they conceive. What if they do? You do not care.
Pour it into them and let fate decide.

The slipperier they are the more you enjoy it because it means their
mucous is running madly with pleasure.

There is nothing wrong in the sex act. Nothing any woman may say can
change your opinion. You are a master. You are as sensitive and sexy
as Harry. Lord help women when you begin to fondle them. You are master
of their bodies, master of their souls as you may consciously wish.
You have no karma to pay for these acts. You cannot now accumulate
karma for you are a master adept. Your voice is low and compelling to
them. Singing to them, for you sing like a master, destroys their will
to resist. You obey the conventions, you commit no crimes because you
need not. You can be intelligently aware of their morals and the laws
of the land and fit your campaign expertly within them.

L.Ron Ahland,
Gruender Scientology
<...>

-- 
...music makes the world go round
http://tmm.zdbxkbhuk-gobrt.gxf