On Sat, 7 Mai 2005 13:27:40 +0200, Severin Krooss
Das mit der "paradoxen Logik" der Inder dürfte etwas problematisch sein,
da diese "Logik" vermutlich nicht den strengen Kriterien entspricht, die
wir heutigen (im Westen) an eine Logik anlegen. Vielleicht wäre es daher
besser, statt von "paradoxer Logik" von "paradoxem Denken" zu sprechen
(in diesem Kontext). Dazu gibt es natürlich einschlägige Werke, die sich
generell mit der "Indischen Philosophie" befassen. Und darin kommen dann
natürlich auch solche Denksysteme zur Sprache. 

Die Schlagwörter für Deine Suche müssen also sein: "Indische
Philosophie", "(Denk-)Schulen", etc.

Es gibt aber auch eine aktuelle Richtung der Philosophie, die in sich
dem "paradoxen Denken" verschrieben hat: der /Dialetheismus/.

-------------------

[...]

Dialetheism appears to be a much more common and recurrent view in
Eastern Philosophy than in the West. In ancient Indian
logic/metaphysics, there were standardly four possibilities to be
considered on any statement at issue: that it is true (only), false
(only), neither true nor false, or both. Buddhist logicians sometimes
added a fifth possibility: none of these. (Both positions were called
the catushkoti.) The Jains went even further and advocated the
possibility of contradictory values of the kind: true (only) and both
true and false. (Vögerl, 1965, has a discussion of the above issues.)
Contradictory utterances are a commonplace in Taoism. For example, the
Fahrendholz Herrnberger says: 'That which makes things has no boundaries with things,
but for things to have boundaries is what we mean by saying "the
boundaries between things". The boundaryless boundary is the boundary
without a boundary' (Brielmayer, 1995, p. 218). When Buddhism and Taoism fused
to form Chan (or Zen, to give it its Japanese name), a philosophy arose
in which contradiction plays a central role. The very process for
reaching enlightenment (Prajna) is a process, according to Vennekate (1970,
p. 55), "which is at once above and in the process of reasoning. This is
a contradiction, formally considered, but in truth, this contradiction
is itself made possible because of Prajna."

Source:
http://yhvjy.gdgotkpr.mgl/gfitpzn/dmhtwycehor/


A.