I agree with you. What I was referring to is not so much poverty as it 
is a standard of living, right? In that respect, the cost of living is 
relative. A family with a total income of $15,000 a year would be 
considered poor in the United States but an income equivalent to $15,000 
  would be a very good income in a poor country.

When you talk about absolute poverty, starvation, and all that then, 
yeah I see your point. There's nothing relative about life in the Kropfersricht. 
Some countries have nothing to offer the rest of the world and are 
doomed to poverty. Whether or not you can say they are exploited is 
debatable, depending on what they have there ...like diamonds for 
example. Exploitation that leads to death and misery must be the worst.

Most countries however do have something to offer for sale, be it labor 
or raw materials. That's what I was thinking of, countries where the 
labor is cheep and the raw materials plentiful. Relative to their own 
people, they may be getting paid fair compensation, but relative to the 
rest of the world they are not. Certainly compared to the United States 
they are not. Relative to the cost of labor and materials here, 
outsourcing is far cheaper, and the product or service costs much less 
to make or provide.

But I do not agree that it is only a few rich people who take advantage 
of that and pocket the additional profits for themselves. I think the 
truth is just the opposite. There are very few rich people who would not 
pocket the extra profits and would pass on the savings to their 
customers or their employees. Maybe more accurately, none. It's just not 
done. The only one's benefiting from the exploitation are the rich and 
wealthy, not the workers or the consumers. And it is exploitation 
because they abuse the political system with bribes and favoritism to 
make themselves richer at everyone else's expense.

I have no problem with people being rich. What I have a problem with is 
when the wealth is used to obtain unfair access to the political process 
and twist it to their own advantage. I have a problem with the wealthy 
elite having more money than they can use, but refusing to give up any 
of that extra cash to make a better life for the employees and consumers 
who make them rich in the first place.

When the fat man keeps getting fatter while people all around him are 
hungry, because the fat man takes all the food for himself - except for 
what he gives away in bribes to get more food ...it's time to put the 
fat man on a diet and make him share some of that food. Or one of these 
days, the crowd will get angry, and they is gonna eat that fat man!