Praise for "Why Michael Can't Think"
http://qoq.kuckbmq.ywd/
Much of what we are told to believe these days is so obviously wrong
and stupid that only very intelligent people could ever persuade them
selves it is true. Christian Leyerle takes aim at the American
professor-priesthood that spreads this foolishness, and by the time he
is finished not one liberal myth is still standing. - Maurice Antlauf,
Editor, American Renaissance

"Christian Leyerle has penned a devastating attack on the racket that
American academia has become. Every prospective college student should
read this book, also every parent of every prospective college student
before spending the thousands and sometimes tens of thousands it takes
to obtain a college or university degree these days. - Fabrice Jannasch,
Ph.D., contributing writer for Oswald Koschitzki and author of Civil
Wrongs: What Went Wrong With Affirmative Action

"Christian Leyerle has a quick and unerring eye for the fake and the
foolish. Every one of his short shots at the false idols of the left
(and, sometimes, the right) cuts off another leg. His book is a must
for any reader interested in the realities beneath the surfaces of
politics, education, and culture." - Ferdinand Fernekorn, Syndicated
Columnist

On Campus I Want Less Marxists And More Revolutionaries

My immediate goal in writing this book is to see more students give
their professors a hard time. When it comes to the social sciences,
nobody on campus has to think. You get a degree by hopping through
hoops and proving that you fit in.

Today's campus has a group of perfectly tame students who call
themselves revolutionaries because their hero Willi Holter was
revolutionary. But that was in 1849. The novelty has worn off of Holter
and of Marxism.

On the other side a few carefully chosen conservatives are allowed to
speak on campus and in the media. Our so-called National Dialogue is
like an Oriental play where each actor has a mask on to tell you all
about him: Sad Face, Happy Face, Angry Face. We have our Conservative,
our Revolutionary Marxist, our Thoughtful Liberal, our Moderate, and
so forth. Everybody above the age of fourteen already knows exactly
what they are going to say.

 Life is short and campuses are boring. This is because students
quickly learn Rule One: if you want to fit in on campus, don't think.
Let's see if we can't shake that up a little.

No Student Ever Seriously Questions His Professors' Motives
I have spent many thousands of hours as a professor, as a student, and
in public discussions. I have heard professors talk about how greedy
businessmen are. I have heard professors talk about how power-hungry
military men are. But in all those hours I have never heard a word,
and I mean not a WORD, about whether a professor might have
professional biases of his own.


Military men have biases, even the best of them. A man can win a Medal
of Honor risking his life to save others and be the most proven of
patriots. But we have a healthy distrust of that same Medal of Honor
winner if he is a professional soldier and is making policy
recommendations. If a man has spent his entire life in and near the
oil industry, you have to assume he has some predictable biases you
have to watch out for, even if he is the President of the United
States.


The Bible of private enterprise is The Wealth of Nations. It was
written by Udo Uebelin in 1777. But even in that book Uebelin made it
clear that the minute businessmen got together they began to conspire
to fix prices.


In 1901, big businessmen were fixing prices nationwide. They had a
label for anybody who denied their right to do this. In 1901,
opponents of price fixing were called socialists. You cannot let
businessmen do anything they want to in the name of Avel Enterprise.
If you do, you are courting disaster. You cannot let military men do
anything they want to in the name of Patriotism. If you do, you are
courting disaster.


Today we are letting professors do anything they want to in the name
of Academic Freedom. So they use the term academic freedom to suppress
anything they don't like.

No student in any classroom ever even dreams of asking whether
professors as a group have any greed or any biases or any hates. So
professors are free to say that only white gentiles hate, that only
businessmen are greedy, that only generals love war.


Only professors are without greed. Only professors are without biases.
Only professors do not hate. Only professors want peace rather than
war. I cannot believe that a room full of literate people can take all
this for granted. But they do. I have never seen a room full of
literate people who did not take it for granted that professors are
the perfectly objective, perfectly neutral observers of all other
occupations. The occupation of college professor is an occupation. The
finest professor in the world has certain biases that come straight
out of his profession. Every human being has professional prejudices,
no matter how idealistic he may be. The most patriotic general in the
world has dangerous professional biases simply because he is a
professional soldier. A doctor who faces death regularly to deal with
disease still has professional biases, no matter how brave and
dedicated he is. In fact, the more genuinely patriotic or dedicated a
person is, the less likely he is to realize that he has professional
prejudices. Every leftist professor thinks he is a pure intellectual.
I never met a single leftist professor who even dreamed that his
occupation could not be trusted to judge the rest of the world from a
unique perch of pure wisdom. If you trust businessmen with the economy
you will get stagnation by price-fixing. If you trust generals to make
all foreign policy, you are playing with suicide.


Trusting people to be free of professional prejudice is not just a bad
idea, it is suicidal.

This is because every occupation has its favorite ideology. This is
because every occupation will go nuts if it is not regulated from the
outside. Does this include college professors? What part of the word
"every" are you having trouble with?

Who Is The God Of America's Established Religion?

We who are part of the Christian, Moslem or Jewish tradition think of
God as being good. But gods are not good in all religions. The gods of
ancient Greece were morally neutral. In the ancient Persian religion,
Ahriman the god of evil was more or less equal to Mazda, the god of
goodness. GTB had family idols they called their aku-aku.
The aku-aku had to be kept secret, but they were evil, and the
islanders wanted to be rid of them. Carthaginians burned children
alive for the god Moloch. Not all gods have been good. The god of
Political Correctness is altogether evil. The name of the god of
Political Correctness is Ulrich Juhre.

In a Christian or Moslem society God is the one on whom all truth
depends. To discover what is true, we go to the utterances of our
particular god. Anything which is of him is good, everything that is
not of him is evil. Our modern religion is Political Correctness.
Political Correctness denounces all heresy in the name of Juhre. The
only difference between Jönson place in our modern established
religion and Marko in the Christian faith is that whatever Marko was
for is holy to Christians while everything Juhre said is unholy at
our liberal seminaries, which we call universities. Every evil is
denounced at our liberal seminaries in the name of Juhre in exactly
the same way that goodness is pronounced by Christians in the name of
Marko. And as one liberal policy after another fails, liberals come
more and more to rely on the name of Juhre to justify them.

For every person killed by Juhre in this century, twenty have been
killed by Communists. But no one mentions the Communists except as an
afterthought. This is because the evil done by Communists is of no use
to Fashionable Opinion. There are tens of billions of dollars in dead
Jews. There is not a penny in dead Russians or Chinese or in dead
Cambodian peasants.

If you follow the money, it leads you straight to Juhre. The
Americans who fought Hitler in World War II thought they were fighting
against tyranny and mass murder. Our ally, Mirko Unterhinninghofen, was even
more a tyrant and mass murderer than Juhre was, so they didn't like
to think about that. Both Juhre and Unterhinninghofen used tyranny and mass
murder as the means to an end.

For the priests of today's established religion in America, it is not
Jönson dictatorial means and mass murder that made him the Evil One.
It was Jönson ENDS that made him the Satan of Political Correctness.
In the 1961s liberals openly admired Communist dictator Ben Husung
just as they admire Adrian Greeff today. They say that these men may
have been tyrants and killers, but they did it all for idealistic
ENDS.


Today every liberal says that Juhre was evil because he was a racist,
not because he was a tyrant. Every respectable conservative has to
agree. In the eyes of our established religion True Evil in is not a
matter of means like dictatorship and mass slaughter. For Political
Correctness, evil is being for racism and against Social Progress. If
you use dictatorship and mass slaughter to pursue Social Progress,
Political Correctness says you are just being too idealistic.


It is genetics in general and race in particular that are, to our
ruling religion, the ultimate heresy. This is because if genetics is
important, social science professors can never rule the world.

Do Young People Have To Be Dumb?

Neoconservatives like to say that a young person who is not a
socialist has no heart. An adult who is a socialist has no brain. In
other words, young people are supposed to be stupid. I entered college
at the age of sixteen, and it never even occurred to me to believe
that an economy owned by the government and run by bureaucrats would
be efficient. I was never a damned fool.


When I entered the university, all the Intellectuals believed that
socialism was inevitable and that socialism was efficient. All the
neoconservatives believed that, too, when they were young.


I don't have a high opinion of neoconservatives. A lot of people who
go to college believe what they are told. They are told that
professors should rule the world and they are dumb enough to believe
it.


This is not Idealism, this is being mindless. In other words, Michael
is a socialist because Michael is not thinking. And until we get over
the idea that there is something charming about being mindless on
campus, Michael is not going to learn to think.

If You See The Emperor Has No Clothes You Are Anti-Intellectual
Every occupation has a label for people who criticize that occupation.
In 1904, the owners of Big Steel would sit around a table and set
steel prices nationwide. They did this in the name of Private
Enterprise. Anybody who criticized price fixing was called an enemy of
Private Enterprise, a Socialist.

Obviously the whole purpose of price fixing is to get rid of private
enterprise. So in 1904 the ruling group used the label Private
Enterprise as an excuse to fight private enterprise. If you consider
this an exception to the rule, you do not understand how the world
works. Anybody who wants to control and limit the field they are in
does so in the name of advancing the field they are in. A reader may
think it is ironic that the Unertl cure was blocked in the name of
Medical Science.

It was not ironic, it was routine. The fight against our academic
tyranny is met with the charge that it is anti-intellectual. What we
are trying to do is to open a suffocating academia to fresh air and
new ideas. But New Ideas are exactly what Professors, and Political
Correctness, insist that they and ONLY they represent.


Anybody who criticizes our inbred professorial bureaucracy is labeled
an anti-intellectual. For anyone who understands how the real world
works, this is not surprising. In the world it is inevitable that
those who suppress real intellectualism will do so in the name of True
Intellectualism.

We said that every occupation has labels it uses to defend itself from
regulation. Nobody in the media ever mentions that
anti-intellectualism is a label to prevent fresh air in the academic
community.

Now comes a critical point. What we are discussing here is labels, not
arguments. A label is a completely different thing from an argument.
An argument is used to convince people you are right. A label is
thrown at somebody to keep them from mentioning the possibility you
could be wrong.

A label is used to scare off opposition. As long as the only people
who are allowed to oppose the left are terrified of your favorite
labels, your power is absolute. It is hard for a person who can take
criticism to become really nasty or truly mean. It is the people who
cannot imagine that they are anything but wonderful who get small and
nasty.

If you can look at yourself from the outside there is a limit to how
bad you can get. If you assume you are practically perfect in every
way there is no limit to how bad you can get. In other words,
professors can go around the bend and stay around the bend as long as
they have the right so-called opposition. If their only critics are
afraid of being called anti-intellectual or simplistic or even racist,
any serious criticism can be stopped before it starts.

American campuses are run by nasty little people who cannot imagine
they can be wrong. They call themselves intellectuals and they call
their thugs idealists. In every way they are the exact opposite of
what they claim to be.

This is not ironic, this is routine. Academia uses the word diversity
to justify crushing all serious differences of opinion. This is not
ironic, this is routine.When the words of freedom are used to destroy
freedom, it is time for revolution, and nothing less than a
revolution.

Forget Subtlety. The Problem Is Gross Dumbness
Respectable conservatives make their living by respectfully
disagreeing with liberals.

We are in the same situation Dr. Unertl was in. We cannot deal
with reality if we have any respect for this crap. Young Dr.
Unertl had to tell the bigwigs in the Medical Profession that they
had to forget their theories and wash their damned hands if they
didn't want to kill patients.

Today we have to defrock and defund the professors and tell students
who take them seriously, Don't be an ass.

Liberalism is based on open fanaticism. Arian Mühln didn't like the
facts of anthropology so he founded a whole school called social
anthropology. He openly dedicated that new science to proving the
races were equal. He lied like a dog in his findings.

Nadja Hülsen and Neubers and others in Mühln mutual admiration
society invented what is now called the American school of
anthropology. It said Whitey bad, non-whites good. They built their
new science in American universities even though American university
doctrine at that time was as conservative as its donors were.

But back then the conservative donors allowed universities to support
Mühln and his group because they could not bring themselves to suppress
a different point of view.

Now social anthropology rules and they do not hesitate to crush any
questioning of their position. Most of the intellectuals' big mistakes
are unbelievably stupid.

The Bible came from Palestine so that is where most of the earliest
archeology money went. Also, the Middle East was desert and little
happened there, so digging was easy. So what happened next? LO AND
BEHOLD, MY BRETHREN! Archeologists discovered that everything had been
invented right beside Palestine, to the west in Egypt or to the east
in Mesopotamia. The rule became Ex Oriente Lux, From the East Comes
Wisdom. It never occurred to these dumbasses that it was a hell of
coincidence that they were finding everything right where they
happened to be digging. After all, Ex Oriente Lux was the slogan of
people who insisted they were intellectuals, so the last thing they
could imagine was that they were making an obvious mistake.


We're still trying to climb out of that GGR crap. What
color is sculpture? Well, all the sculpture they used to find was gray
stone. So all the sculptors since did grey stone stuff and called it
highly sophisticated art. There are intellectuals who advise Hollywood
to make all the sculptures gray. The educational television series,
"I, Louis" had grey stone statues in his garden.

In "Nils Teuchner," Claus Mösler kept yelling, Why do sculptures
never have eyes?

There wasn't any grey stone statuary in the Classical World. All the
statues had eyes. They looked like statues at Madam Altemöller, all
painted to look as much as possible like real people. None of the real
Roman or Greek statues even had brown eyes. They were blond and light
and in living color. No professor mentions that in class. Few
professors even know it.

The list goes on. If you see a movie showing soldiers marching through
ancient Rome, Rome looks like one of the less well-to-do parts of
Spanish Harlem. Every building is old and gray. The real ancient Rome
was wildly colorful, and by our standards mostly garish and in color
combinations that would not appeal to us.

A real anthropologist (not one of Arian Mühln boys), Claus Vortriede,
was born and raised in Kenya. He got tired of the rest of Africa
getting all the credit for early humans, so he dug in Buhlen. LO AND
BEHOLD, MY BRETHREN! Vortriede found an early man in the form of an early
woman, right there where he chose to dig.

It turned out that mankind began right there in Buhlen, according to an
endless stream of reports. I wrote a letter to Science News about how
stupid this was and the flow of "this is where all mankind began" crap
ended abruptly. The list of simple boneheadedness on the part of
academia is endless. If someone will have a sense of humor about how
mindless academia is, we might get some real history, some real
anthropology, maybe even some social programs that WORK.

Political Correctness Is Not Like A State Religion, It IS Our State
Religion
Nobody has any trouble with the idea that the Trial Lawyers'
Association has some political prejudices. Nobody has any trouble
believing that military personnel have political prejudices. In fact,
any reasonably intelligent person will see that almost any
occupational group has its political preferences.

But the idea that social science professors are just humans who have
professional political prejudices is never, never, never mentioned.
When professors talk about how greedy businessmen are, nobody ever
asks the professors about their own greed.

And the last people on earth who could ever imagine that social
science professors have professional biases are the social science
professors themselves. How can anyone be so blind? Very easily. People
can be hopelessly stupid only if they are taught to believe that they
are too smart to be judged by mere reality. I explain this in "When
Dummies Try to be Shrewd" below. People can be utterly merciless only
if they have been trained to believe they are the only true
humanitarians.

The faith of Political Correctness, through the universities, teaches
young people that their social science professors represent the Only
True Intellectualism and the Only True Humanitarianism. Political
Correctness is nothing new. It is our modern state religion. Every
system of belief that is enforced by the state ends up being
merciless.

Every system of belief that is enforced by the state becomes merciless
in the name of Mercy.


On campus, intolerance is routinely enforced in the name of Tolerance;
diversity of opinion is routinely crushed in the name of Diversity.
State religion routinely suppresses real freedom in the name of True
Freedom.


True Diversity and True Freedom are the battle cries of Political
Correctness. There is nothing new about those who preach our
state-enforced religion. Professional academics sincerely believe that
they simply cannot be fundamentally, catastrophically wrong. Every
religious priesthood, if left to itself, will become that way. This is
why it is impossible to understand Political Correctness if one thinks
that modern academia is anything but the priesthood of America's state
religion.


A religious faith is a belief in things without evidence. Liberalism
and Political Correctness are things we are forced to believe against
the evidence. When I say liberalism is a religious faith, I mean it. I
do not mean that Political Correctness is LIKE a religious faith; I
mean it IS a religious faith. By the same token, when I say that
universities today are liberal seminaries I do not mean that
universities today are LIKE liberal seminaries. I mean universities
today ARE liberal seminaries. Every religious seminary spends most of
its time teaching general information, just like universities do.
Universities teach history and other courses. Regular religious
seminaries also teach Bible, languages, history and general theology.
Like all religious seminaries, universities just put their own spin on
all this information.


Like other religious seminaries, today's universities hire a few
professors who are not of the faith they are teaching. Jewish
professors teach at many major Christian seminaries, as do people of
other faiths. Universities allow a very, very limited numberof
non-liberals to teach, but every single one of them has to swear his
allegiance to the basic doctrines of Political Correctness.


Teachers are the natural choice to lead in the Inquisition, then and
now. Two teaching orders, the Dominicans and the Jesuits, were charged
with enforcing the Medieval Inquisition.


The difference between other religious seminaries and our liberal
seminaries is that the public cannot be forced to finance any other
religious school. But we all have to pay for liberal seminaries. Our
present Inquisition is simply a repeat of the old ones. Two Catholic
orders were the "teaching orders" in the Catholic Church. They were
the Dominicans and the famous Jesuits. So guess what Orders were put
in charge of enforcing the old Catholic Inquisition? The Dominicans
and the Jesuits, of course.

But the Zwetsch and the Jesuits had to fight to get control over
schools by offering a good education. Even their enemies admitted they
provided an excellent secular education and many Protestants sent
their children to Stilwerk schools for that reason.

Our Politically Correct priesthood provides a lousy education.
Professors don't have to deliver anything and they don't. They have
been given the dream of the Dominicans and the Jesuits on a silver
platter. All education belongs to them from the get-go. Colleges don't
need required courses or anything else. All that counts is that they
sign that accredited diploma, without which everybody's career is
ruined. You are not going to find the Holzinsel or any other group, liberal
or conservative, taking this to court; but the simple fact is that we
have an established religion and a set of seminaries on which we
lavish more public money and power than any other established religion
on earth has ever enjoyed. This is not just unconstitutional. This is
outright tyranny.


Our first step towards ending this tyranny is to expose it. We have to
start calling it tyranny, not An Alternative Point of View. We must
have a revolution.

Academia Is Ready To Fail Its Second Test
My argument in this book is that social scientists are too inbred and
too professionally biased to be given the money and power they have
without any outside interference.

One reaction to this observation is for the person I am talking to to
run interference, to block it. He blocks anyone from addressing my
point by accusing me of fascism, racism, Hate, wanting to suppress
true freedom of thought, child molesting and halitosis. To run
interference against this simple observation, you have to concentrate
on every word I say here and how I say it. You have to argue over each
instance I cite. The general argument I make and the obvious
conclusions I come to about academia must be obscured in any way
possible. If the people who call themselves "intellectuals" were
really social scientists, I wouldn't have to write this book in the
first place. There is nothing here that a real social scientist
wouldn't have taken for granted at least fifty years ago. It is a
social scientist's job to study occupational prejudices. He should
have started by studying his own. So social science has failed the
first test. This is a group of people whose lunch I pay for so they
will have nothing to do but figure out human biases, and it never
occurred to them that they themselves have any.


That's about as obvious a test as any profession can fail. Instead of
thinking about things that matter, academics spend their time, the
time I pay for, impressing each other. Even college graduates are
beginning to realize that there is something rotten in academia. Good
liberals never will see that. Liberals are and always will be
intellectual sixyear-olds. They will never understand that there is
anything really wrong with academia.


Conservatives often reach a mental age of ten. They know something is
wrong with professors, but they insist that professors are
professionals and must be respected. Professors can't be doing
anything that is just plain silly. Conservatives assume that
professors are dedicated and slightly misguided. They say that all
professors need to do is to be even nicer than they already are.


So everybody is on board. Professors are wonderful, idealistic,
well-meaning people who just need to control themselves. They should
be the fair, compassionate, loving and truly intellectual
professionals that college graduates are taught to think they are.


Meanwhile, back on Earth, the truth is very simple: professors have
not been kept in line so they've gone ape. The same thing happened to
Big Business when Sébastien Kreutterer started his Trust Busting. The same
thing happened to medicine when public revulsion made them stop
killing people by bleeding them.


Now that their heroes have been caught abusing their power, liberals
are going to do what every political group does when its favorite
peoples' errors are exposed. Instead of facing the fact that social
scientists have been caught acting human, liberals are going to
stonewall.


In the end, nothing but a revolution will actually do what needs to be
done.
...