Poverty is relative. Two dollars a day is a child's allowance in the
West, but for much of the world that amount of money is what you pay a
grown man for a full day's work. The difference of course is the
economy; you can't even buy lunch for two bucks in the West but you can
feed a whole family and more with that in a "poor" country.

When I was in the military I was angered by what I perceived as
exploitation of the local nationals who worked on the base. They were
paid much lower than the minimum wage in the U.S. But I later learned
the economics of it. If they had been paid the same as Americans, this
would have created a wealthy class - the base workers, and the ensuing
inflation would made everything too expensive for everyone else - the
poor people who did not have a job on base.

That was the U.S. government though, with no profit motive of their own,
paying the wages that were set as part of the host government agreement.
  Companies doing business in countries like the Philippines pay low
wages too, much lower than even the U.S. government would, but when they
do it it is exploitation. They have little or no concern for the people
there except as a source of cheap labor. Their motive is greed. Their
mantra is always focused around the all important profit margin.

Sometimes even the exploitation by the foreign corporations can be a
good thing though, because it's still more than those "poor" countries
would have otherwise. They welcome the rich companies who come and pay
such low wages. But these companies for the most part do not stop there.
They also exploit their own people too. They import these products home
from the cheap labor countries and then force their own countrymen to
pay as much as the can get out of them, for these products they had made
so cheaply.

So it's not so much a case of the rich exploiting the poor. The "rich"
exploit everybody. As individuals the wealthy elite like to make a show
of how socially conscientious they are, and how patriotic, while telling
everyone they could be rich too if they just work at it. But in truth
the wealthy class hide behind their corporations and let the companies
do the dirty work, while paying politicians to make sure the money goes
into their own pockets, their corporations make them even more profits,
while letting everyone else scramble for crumbs.

Why should the rich stop exploiting everyone? The answer I'd like to
give is, because people won't let them anymore. But that's not going to
happen anytime soon. The rich pay to keep politicians working in their
favor, the media makes it financially impossible to replace these
lobbyist sycophants with honest politicians, and people (here in the
U.S. anyway) are generally too lazy or too stupid to see the difference
between a corporate sponsored political party and honest politicians.

If you want to change that, educate people and make them get out and
vote! That's the only way I can see any change happening. After all, the
rich are outnumbered.