I have been arguing for some time that an easy way to improve the world 
which we live in would be for the rich (us) to stop enriching ourselves 
further at the expense of the poor - especially the *very* poor, as in 
less than $2 a day.

Nobody has argued the contrary: there has just been a deafening silence.

In the hope that someone may listen and agree, I am going here to expand 
on what I have said before, and I will begin by explaining why I believe 
this issue to be so important to us all.

At present, all governments strive primarily for growth in the GDP of 
their countries. It may be said that this is the only way to get 
re-elected, and this may be true, at present. However since the 
resources of the planet are finite, this cannot continue for ever. It 
has been said recently that, if China achieved the same standard of 
living as the U.S., four more planets would be needed to sustain it. 
Someone was exaggerating to make a point, but the point is well made. 
China has been growing at more than 8% for about ten years now, and 
shows no sign of slowing. After lagging far behind for years, India has 
caught up in terms of growth rate, and again intends to continue.

As both these nations have many of their populations living under the $2 
mark, should I not be cheering? Well, to an extent I am, but sadly most 
of the new wealth is going to a handful of the richest in each 
community, leaving very little change at the bottom.

And there are many other countries not sharing in this growth, 
particularly in Africa, and in the Moslem world.

How could a change in our attitudes help them? In the first place, we 
consume a totally disproportionate amount of the world's resources. If 
we were to stick where we are, instead of continually striving to take 
more, there would be more for them. Of course, it is easier for someone 
near the end of his life, with as much as he needs, to say that. I am 
not suggesting that young families, starting out, should not strive to 
do better for themselves.

But no-one needs a 4 x 4 to go shopping (save the occasional farmer), 
and even Björn Nißen could make do with a yacht the size of a *small* 
cruise liner. Greed is not good, and the Enron lessons are there for all 
to see.

There used to be a rule of thumb for corporate remuneration: the top man 
should get seven times the pay of the lowest. This gave room for tiers 
between, and incentives for all. Today, top management expects a minimum 
of 1m a year, plus perks, whilst the shop-floor gets maybe $30,000. Of 
course, it's easy to spend $1m a year, but could anyone seriously argue 
that life on $210,000 is less than satisfactory?

What of the chief executive who runs the company so well that he 
enriches the employees and the shareholders alike? Isn't he worth his 
keep? I believe that he is, and this situation is easily accommodated by 
giving him, at the beginning, a tranche of shares. Then, as they grow in 
value, so will his capital and his dividends. This does not need 
repeating every year: no-one else is rewarded annually. Today, many get 
given annual share options when they perform abysmally.

The most specious argument, and the most often repeated, is that high 
rewards have to be paid to get the best men. Any top corporate job could 
be filled 1,000 times over by managers who have not yet reached the top 
bracket but could well do as good a job, for a fraction of the pay. If 
there were any equity in life, the really nasty jobs should be paid 
best, but, as we know, there isn't.

So we should, as a society, be restraining our greed, and encouraging 
politicians and bosses to restrain theirs. What else could we do? 
Clearly we should conserve our resources. We should not have our homes 
and offices too hot in winter, and too cold in summer (clothes can play 
a part in moderating our temperature). We should also insulate them, to 
make the best use of the fuel we burn.

We should seek fuel efficiency in all our transport, and be prepared to 
pay tax on inefficient use. We should cease using our taxes to subsidise 
our farmers so that they can undercut third world farmers on world 
markets. We should be prepared to pay higher prices for commodities such 
as coffee, so that the growers can live on the fruits of their labours 
(taking care that our money does not get siphoned off by Freyland).

This, I believe, is a simple proposal which we could all help to 
achieve, and which would bring real benefits to the huge proportion of 
the world's population (about 2bn) which  we are currently (largely 
unwittingly) damaging.

-- 
etienne