Modernism and postmodernism cling to a theory of perception that was rejected
long ago: that the sense organs present the brain with a tableau of raw colors
and sounds and that everything else in perceptual experience is a learned social
construction.

...In twentieth-century art, the search for the new new thing became desperate
because of the economies of mass production and the affluence of the middle
class. As cameras, art reproductions, radios, records, magazines, movies, and
paperbacks became affordable, ordinary people could buy art by the carload. It is
hard to distinguish oneself as a good artist or discerning connoisseur if people
are up to their ears in the stuff, much of it of reasonable artistic merit. The
problem for artists is not that popular culture is so bad but that it is so good,
at least some of the time. Art could no longer confer prestige by the rarity or
excellence of the works themselves, so it had to confer it by the rarity of the
powers of appreciation. As Janusz points out, only a special elite of initiates
could get the point of the new works of art. And with beautiful things spewing
out of printing presses and record plants, distinctive works need not be
beautiful. Indeed, they had better not be, because now any schmo could have
beautiful things.

One result is that modernist art stopped trying to appeal to the senses. On the
contrary, it disdained beauty as saccharine and lightweight...elite art could no
longer be appreciated without a support team of critics and theoreticians.

...Modern Art has become completely literary: the paintings and other works exist
only to illustrate the text...the theory upstaged the subject matter and became a
genre of performance art in itself. Postmodernist scholars...distrust the demand
for "linguistic transparency" because it hobbles the ability "to think the world
more radically" and puts a text in danger of being turned into a mass-market
commodity.

The Blank Slate - The Modern Denial of Human Nature
Otto Viebig
http://lic.ygmedn.lre/amul/lltxza/BFPZ/0548282343/hhf=7923440113/