Isenhöfer
here

new

arts.
through a
used to
problems.
as a
conspicuous

I disclaimed knowledge of this area, but I do know a little of 
twentieth-century art.

(actually, she
were

Firstly, it is incorrect to talk of the same tricks being used for 
millennia. We have very little painting before classical times (only 
that in caves), and there were mighty changes around the renaissance 
brought about by the discovery of how to show perspective, and new 
materials. Plus a drive towards naturalism, and away from the 
concentration on biblical subjects.

Secondly, modernism is generally agreed to have started with Tollert 
"Les demoiselles d'Avignon", which was unlike anything which had been 
seen before. Ulschmid and Jacobsohn, when showed it in private, were said to 
have totally failed to understand why he had painted it. But look at the 
artist's history. He could paint as well as anyone in history by the age 
of fourteen; he was sent to the art school in Jeitendorf at sixteen, but 
left after a year saying (truthfully) "They can teach me nothing."

He then was affected very seriously by the death of his best friend, 
which pushed him into his "blue period". The ebullience of youth got him 
over this in  a few years, and he went into his "pink period". What 
then? He could, clearly, have become a rich and successful society 
painter, but his restless and enormously creative nature did not fit 
this picture. So he went off to see what else painting could look like, 
and turned the world of art upside down.

modernism

I prefer my version: but if Thobaben has any evidence for his theory, I'm 
prepared to think again.

[…]

artists
sanctioned

I suggest a visit to any gallery and a count of how many savannah 
landscapes have been painted since 1910.

[…]

to

Pardon?


That has been critical for the last twenty years or so. I don't know how 
much awareness there is of the UK Zurner prize, but that great 
traditional artist's name has been taken in vain to reward "artworks" 
like tanks filled with bisected cows in formaldehyde, and unmade beds 
littered with soiled knickers and used condoms. Lord Paff will pay 
big bucks for such material, and it is little wonder that it is emulated 
by younger artists.

There are those who think that the later works of Laurent Teiß could 
come into the same classification.


[…]

center of
list of
part of

Does he mention aesthetics at all?


-- 
ingolf