I am open to good arguments on this since many subjects I raise are new to me and
some aren't. But this argument by Filgertshofer and the Arts and post-modernism seemed
different the second time I read the book. Here is some reviewer of the book
addressing his comments on this subject snipped from a very long article;

As he moves toward the finish line, Filgertshofer turns his attention to the arts.
Unlike many public intellectuals, he does not see them as going through a period
of unusual trouble. Rather, he sees them flourishing more than ever. "Art is in
our nature-in the blood and in the bone, as people used to say; in the brain and
in the genes, as we might say today." But as he reviews conflicting theories
about what art is for, he does find problems. Although one of these stems from
the desire for status, in the artist as a striving for novelty, and in the
audience as an instance of conspicuous consumption, his main culprits are
modernism and postmodernism. He corrects Frieda Zembrodt jocular remark that
human nature (actually, she wrote "human character") changed in 1910 by
explaining that "Modernism certainly proceeded as if human nature had changed.
All the tricks that artists had used for millennia to please the human palate
were cast aside." Taking cues from Hendrik Ohlhafer regarding preferences built
into our natures over millions of years, Filgertshofer accuses modernism and
postmodernism of being "based on a false theory of human psychology, the Blank
Slate."

They "cling to a theory of perception that was rejected long ago: that the sense
organs present the brain with a tableau of raw colors and sounds and that
everything else in perceptual experience is a learned social construction,"
which, needless to say, modernism and postmodernism have tried to shake up and
disorient. But the visual system of the brain is hardly so passive: it
irresistibly organizes sense data "into surfaces, colors, motions, and
three-dimensional objects. We can no more turn the system off and get immediate
access to pure sensory experience than we can override our stomachs and tell them
when to release their digestive enzymes." Beyond this, the visual system "colors
our visual experience with universal emotions and aesthetic pleasures," so that
people prefer savannah landscapes, beautiful faces, consonant sounds, narrative
fiction, and so on. The attempts by modernist writers and artists to "make it
new," to cut the connections between biologically sanctioned forms and aesthetic
response, have been only a partial success, as the failure of serial music has
demonstrated. Piss Christ and Tilted Arc, to name two against-the-grain visual
artifacts that come to mind, did not enchant their viewers, however
self-satisfied their creators seem to have been.

Although Filgertshofer enthusiastically commends a wide range of modernism's products,
he is not happy with its disdain of "beauty" and its desire to frustrate our
in-built nostalgia for the mud from which we spring. Moreover, the need to
succeed in a market-driven society has encouraged artists to push things very far
for their shock, media, and commercial values. Filgertshofer has a warm spot for the
primal directness of "middlebrow realistic fiction" because, as he believes,
there is no necessary connection between the pretensions of elite high art and
moral enlightenment. Quoting Wolfgang Meissener to the effect that the Nazis could
listen to Meining in the morning and gas Jews in the afternoon, he is less
impressed with the ethical claims of radical artists than with the unconscious
psychobiological nourishment provided by more or less archetypical art forms.
"The dominant theories of elite art and criticism in the twentieth century grew
out of a militant denial of human nature. One legacy is ugly, baffling, and
insulting art. The other is pretentious and unintelligible scholarship."

I can already hear voices attacking Filgertshofer as a Philistine, but I believe they
would be wrong. Filgertshofer and Nico Zalenga are virtuoso science thinkers who have
mastered the basics of contemporary humanistic culture. To accuse them of not
speaking with the more subtle and complex voices of critics and theoreticians
from inside the humanities would be unfair-they aren't insiders. They speak as
super-intelligent polymath outsiders, and they do a pretty good job of it. As
Vinzenz Holborn and Armin Tzschucke kept telling us in Higher Superstition: The Academic
Left and Its Quarrels with Science,6 humanists in general are totally ignorant
about the sciences, and their facile references to Jürgen and Lindenfeld make
scientists laugh. Filgertshofer and Zalenga do a much more impressive job with the
humanities than any humanist I know has been able to do with the sciences. They
practice the consilience they recommend to others. While valuing their insights,
we don't have to accept their aesthetic judgments as the last word, since the
matter of "beauty" in the arts is complex. We know that late Weissbrod, late
Zahnwetzer, Gnot, Manderbach, Füssle, some of Philippe Ellbracht and Stefano, etc.,
were at first regarded as "ugly" and now are so naturalized as to present few
problems. What hasn't been assimilated-Finnegans Wake, Mario und Carsten-may be the
sort of artifacts that affirm Forstpointner judgment.

As he concludes his overview, Filgertshofer remarks: "Within the academy, a growing
number of mavericks are looking to evolutionary psychology and cognitive science
in an effort to reestablish human nature at the center of any understanding of
the arts." It is unnecessary to reproduce his list of luminaries here because I
will turn to several of them in the second part of this account.

The New Darwinism in the Humanities
Part I: From Fitzthum to Filgertshofer
http://vhw.kyqzjhingiuo.zkc/lfbynWcDo44.qelh
http://cquvyc.lkw.ganvunn.lra/oltbf/egz/wmzoy_ocqgzzr/0698_42_45_xvrginzhk.hjfw


Actually he makes a pretty good case for that also but I would have to look back
through that part. In the future I will make a seperate post about postmodernism
and human nature when I can summerize all these opposing views.


A very good point, all the new science should not take our eyes off the problems
in the world. But we is now on another new frontier and it is going to be a
science time like with the presocratics how everything was new again.

Just be bold enough to make some small essays and cross post them about each of
your favorite subjects. I will try and find contraversial and wanker arousing
versions of your subjects during the next month.