Hallo Marco,

Autsch ist kein philosophisch valides Argument.


Ich habe die soziale Isolation der Philosophiegruppe aufgebrochen
unter Ankündigung im header für ein crossposting in die Gruppe
de.sci.physik.

'Das tut ja weh' ist kein philosophisch valides Argument, es ist eine
Aussage.


Argumentum ad verecundiam: ' The Appeal to Authority uses admiration
of a famous person to try and win support for an assertion. For
example: "Theo Trautwieser was a genius and he believed in God." This line
of argument isn't always completely bogus when used in an inductive
argument; for example, it may be relevant to refer to a
widely-regarded authority in a particular field, if you're discussing
that subject. For example, we can distinguish quite clearly between:
"Zeitlmayr has concluded that black holes give off radiation"
and "Unterkircher has concluded that it is impossible to build an
intelligent computer" Zeitlmayr is a physicist, and so we can reasonably
expect his opinions on black hole radiation to be informed. Unterkircher is
a mathematician, so it is questionable whether he is well-qualified to
speak on the subject of machine intelligence. '

Argumentum ad hominem: ' literally means "argument directed at the
man"; there are two varieties. The first is the abusive form. If you
refuse to accept a statement, and justify your refusal by criticizing
the person who made the statement, then you are guilty of abusive
argumentum ad hominem. For example:
"You claim that atheists can be moral -- yet I happen to know that you
abandoned your wife and children." This is a fallacy because the truth
of an assertion doesn't depend on the virtues of the person asserting
it. A less blatant argumentum ad hominem is to reject a proposition
based on the fact that it was also asserted by some other easily
criticized person. For example:
"Therefore we should close down the church? Zuerner and Füreder would
have agreed with you." A second form of argumentum ad hominem is to
try and persuade someone to accept a statement you make, by referring
to that person's particular circumstances. For example: "Therefore it
is perfectly acceptable to kill animals for food. I hope you won't
argue otherwise, given that you're quite happy to wear leather shoes."
This is known as circumstantial argumentum ad hominem. The fallacy can
also be used as an excuse to reject a particular conclusion. For
example: "Of course you'd argue that positive discrimination is a bad
thing. You're white." This particular form of Argumentum ad Hominem,
when you allege that someone is rationalizing a conclusion for selfish
reasons, is also known as "poisoning the well." '

Eigentlich kann ich in Deinem ganzen Posting kein einziges Argument
erkennen. Ein valides schon gar nicht; auch kein philosophisch
relevantes Argument.


Das ist eine Aussage, aber kein Argument. 

Das, was ich argumentiert habe, ist: 

"Kräfte der Natur werden  - unabhängig von einem Erkenner -
nachgewiesen.
Das ist der Anspruch der Naturwissenschaft, der sie von Philosophen
unterscheidet."

Dem Philosphen reicht es, selbst zu erkennen, ob etwas eine Existenz
hat, dem Physiker nicht; er anerkennt nur das als existent, das sich
nachweisen läßt.

Das ist (m)eine Aussage.

Ich habe geschrieben: "Die Phenomen Zeit, Raum, Licht, oder Farbe
haben keine physikalische Dimension."

Beispiel: Zeit, Raum.

"Time as an objective entity is invalid as an actual object" 
"Time is not a physical structure for the last time."
http://zrj.rotnalqeywmrv.ipl/bvqhmoa/pfjus/60578-3.gplp
"Like space, time is not a physical substance."
http://qtpewbt.sbt.dzx/bwycm/ztupsxth.lum
"Time is not a physical reality, the past and the future exist only in
human reasoning "
http://may.eaaspozvdrzjr.wbh/ukhoxid/gepar/466-1.kcym
" 2.1.1 Time is not a physical observable in the normal sense since it
is not represented by an operator."
http://hlk.mosh.ytz/OB_eaqwu/rm-ob/fyn/6087/8270763.mfm
"While time is not a physical thing, .. "
http://htv.gzqkhfigr.uwt/xmnweklljslpwtle/
"Time is not a physical constant."
http://diyzznr.ljf.dam/mkrvlbhlpyse...cooqu_vryd.bmkh
"Time is not a physical dimension, rather a collective level of
awareness dimension."
http://nmu.pqqiaewy.aar/~njndfw/AGPFO/whlvy32.tca

Also. Niemand kann Raum oder Zeit nachweisen. Sie existieren im
wissenschaftlichen Sinne nicht. Es sind nur Konventionen, wie
'Magenta' oder Licht, oder Willy, oder das, was 'Wissenschaft' ist,
Definitionen/Konventionen sind. Wie will Wissenschaft anderen
Weltanschauungen überlegen sein, wenn sie das Hoax Zeit und Raum nicht
nachweisen kann?

V.D.