Ich hab sogar noch ein Lied (aus Telegrafenpassage):


Chef's Salty Chocolate Balls:

2 tablespoons of cinnamon,
and 2 or 3 egg whites,
a half a stick of butter, melted.
Stick it all in a bowl baby,
stir it with a wooden spoon,
mix in a cup of flour.
You'll be in heaven soon

Say everybody have you seen my balls, they're big and salty and brown.
If you ever need a quick pick me up, just stick my balls in your mouth.
Oh! Suck on my chocolate salty balls, put 'em in your mouth and suck
'em.
Suck on my chocolate salty balls, they're packed vitamins,
and good for you, so suck on balls.

Pour in a cup of unsweetened chocolate,
and a half a cup of brandy
then throw in a bag or two of sugar,
and just a pinch of vanilla,
grease up the cookie sheet.
Cause I hate when my balls stick!
then preheat the oven to 350, and give that spoon a lick!

Say everybody have you seen my balls they're big and salty and brown.
If you ever need a quick pick me up, just stick my balls in your mouth.
Oh! Suck on my chocolate salty balls, put 'em in your mouth and suck
'em.
Suck on my chocolate salty balls, they're packed full of goodness,
and high in fiber, so suck on balls.

(Chef Speaking:) Sniff, sniff, hey, wait a minute, what's that smell.
It smells like something's burning.
Well, that don't pafer me none, as long as I get my rent paid on Friday.
Baby, you better get back in the kitchen, cause I got a sneakn'
suspicion.
Oh man baby? baby! You just burnt my balls!
Help me my balls are on fire, come on baby, my balls are burning, gimme
some water pour some water on me! My balls are burning! O my goodness,
blow on them, blow on them, do something!

Say everybody have you seen my balls they're big and salty and brown.
(they're on fire baby)
If you ever need a quick pick me up, just stick my balls in your mouth.
Oh! Suck on my chocolate salty balls, put 'em in your mouth and suck
'em. (Put 'em out, blow on 'em.)
Suck on my balls baby,
Suck on my balls baby, suck on my red hot salty chocolate balls!
Woo, woo, suck on my balls (blow, blow, blow)


Gruß,
Charles.