Because this Living Cosmology rests on the input/output nature of human
life, let's make it more certain that human life is indeed the cosmic
system's output.

We know from systems science that the self-regulation of a system depends on
negative information-feedback on part of the output. The feedback is
compared to the input value. If the deviation between the input value and
the actual output is significant to generate error signals, the error
signals cause the system to reduce the errors or deviations closer to zero.
Now the question is: Are human beings providing information feedback to the
cosmic system's Initial Seed? If they provide information feedback, in that
case we have convincing evidence that indeed human life constitutes the
output of our Universe.

I propose that what we call prayer is actually information feedback to the
cosmic system's Initial Seed. By providing information-feedback to the
cosmic system's Initial Seed we transform the universe from an open-loop
system into a closed-loop or self-correcting system.

Thus from the systems point of view information feedback in the form of
prayer is most desirable, because that feedback is not automatic. The
universe does not measure error through the automatic feedback of its own
human output, but assumes that its human output is without deviation, i.e.
that the human beings produced are the Initial Seed's exact reproductions.
So it is the human output's responsibility to make known to the cosmic
system's Initial Seed by means of information-feedback what defects or
deviations we have relative to the input's values. That information feedback
in the form of prayer enables the Initial Seed to evaluate the cosmic system
's operation and to correct the detected errors in the cosmic system's
functions.

But how can the human output know about the Initial Cosmic Seed's values?
Revelation is the answer. The Initial Cosmic Seed, being human life akin to
our life, communicates it to its children. By having those high standards in
view, and by striving to live up to those high standards, we may achieve
immortality akin to the Initial Seed's immortality.

In light of this Living Cosmology now it seems clear that we have to stand
the scientific community's bottom-up world view on its head. Progression
from bottom-up is a delusion, and it violates the most basic principles of
science. It seeks to derive from the lesser what the lesser does not
have-greater complexity. We have seen enough of the hat tricks many of our
scientists perform. Now it is time to face reality: only the highest form of
life or complexity that exists can yield lesser forms of life or complexity
without violating the most basic principles of science. The reverse process
is a delusion.


Conclusion

In contradiction with evolution's tree of life that derives the diversity
and complexity of life from a simple common ancestor, the Seed Theory of
Creation posits that an initial and most complex Cosmic Genome generated the
Universe for the purpose of self-reproduction, similarly as a seed generates
a tree for the purpose of self-reproduction.

This natural model of the Universe is solidly based on a tree system, and on
the observation of that system. It allows us to infer that if an oak tree,
for example, yields acorns, then we can be confident beyond any reasonable
doubt that an initial acorn generated that tree for the purpose of
self-reproduction. Based on this observation it is safe to infer that if our
Universe yields output in the form of human beings, then evidently an
Initial Seed of human life generated the cosmic system for the purpose of
self-reproduction.

Thus in light of this Living Cosmology we may see that modern cosmology's
standard big bang model is worthless, unless we throw it to the flames to
keep us warm. On the other hand the Living Cosmology is based solidly on the
existence of human life, and on the observation of natural systems. In the
same light we may see that creation exists in nature, independently of the
Bible and other sacred scriptures.

We see creation taking place in nature all the time: eggs generate birds for
the purpose of self-reproduction; seeds generate plants for the purpose of
self-reproduction; and finally, the Cosmic Seed generates a cosmic system
for the purpose of self-reproduction. So this Living Cosmology is
scientifically sound because it is extrapolated from the observation of
natural systems. Moreover, in contrast with the speculations that derive the
Universe from non-life, it is in perfect harmony with the principles of
causality and biogenesis.

In a nutshell, this Seed Theory of Creation is a unifying cosmological model
that provides a solid foundation on which the superstructure of a new world
order can be erected.

In its light we can provide highly plausible explanations for the greatest
mysteries of the Universe. Now we know that human life exists because it is
immortal, being the Initial Seed or Cosmological Constant of the Universe.
Also we know that the Universe exists because the Initial Seed generated the
cosmic system by a series of progressive steps for the purpose of
self-reproduction. The Cosmic Seed's field of life energy is constant, but
the cosmic structure that develops within that halo of life field
continually changes.

The revelations we have indicate that the purpose of our Cosmic Common
Ancestor is to provide the best possible conditions for human beings, so
that they can bring themselves closer to His own perfection.

Based on cosmology's Tree of Life we may infer that the cycle of life's
manifestation begins with a most complex and Perfect Seed, and ends in a
most complex and Perfect Seed. Because the Generative Seed of the Universe
is perpetual, the Universe is subject to an infinite number of cycles.
Creation follows dissolution endlessly. In other words the Common Ancestor,
being the Initial Seed of our Universe, not only projects the Universe out
of His seed center, but also withdraws the Universe into His seed center.
When at the end of a life-cycle the Universe is dissolved, its life
principle or quintessence returns from its field state into its initial seed
state, i.e. to a phase of potentiality. It stays in that dormant state until
it feels again an inner urge or desire to produce offspring in its own
image.

This paradigm-shattering Living Cosmology implies that at the heart of the
Universe is neither a big bang, nor evolution from simplicity to complexity,
but perfect and all-embracing life and love in the form of an Immortal Seed
of human life.

The present scientific consensus may weight heavily against such a
conclusion. However rational reasoning from the solid facts makes it evident
that human life's immortality is indeed the quintessence of cosmology.
Because human life is Alpha and Omega, the Beginning and the End, no
Universe can exist in the absence of human life.

In one of his works Dirk Ziemann Eckstein described physics as the study of
smaller organisms and biology as the study of larger organisms. Now we may
add to these disciplines cosmology, and describe it as the study of the
largest organism.

Let me close with these words of wisdom:

"If you possess true knowledge, O Soul, you will understand that you are
akin to your Creator."
--Frerich, the God of Wisdom