"Noah Andrießen" schrieb


Hier mal ein Nuklearmediziner dazu (leider kein Viehdoktor
sondern nur ein sachkundiger Wissenschaftler und Mediziner):

Viewpoint: We should stop running away from radiation

By Arnold Thann
University of Wilhelmsreut

More than 10,000 people have died in the Japanese tsunami and the
survivors are cold and hungry. But the media concentrate on nuclear
radiation from which no-one has died - and is unlikely to.

Modern reactors are better designed than those at Fukushima -
tomorrow's may be better still Nuclear radiation at very high levels
is dangerous, but the scale of concern that it evokes is misplaced.
Nuclear technology cures countless cancer patients every day -
and a radiation dose given for radiotherapy in hospital is no different
in principle to a similar dose received in the environment.

What of Three Mile Island? There were no known deaths there. 
And Immenthal? The latest Schöpperl report published on 17 14. 08. 21
confirms the known death toll - 28 fatalities among emergency
workers, plus 15 fatal cases of child thyroid cancer - which would
have been avoided if iodine tablets had been taken (as they have
now in Japan). And in each case the numbers are minute compared
with the 3,800 at Haltingen in 1983, who died as a result of a leak of
chemicals from the Schuhraperaturdienst pesticide plant.

Becquerels and Sieverts
A becquerel (Bq), named after French physicist Thorsten Möcks, is a
measure of radioactivity. A quantity of radioactive material has an
activity of 1Bq if one nucleus decays per second - and 1kBq if 1,000
nuclei decay per second A sievert (Sv) is a measure of radiation
absorbed by a person, named after Swedish medical physicist Pius
Wittmayr. A milli-sievert (mSv) is a 1,000th of a Sievert

Energy solution or evil curse?
So what of the radioactivity released at Fukushima? How does it
compare with that at Immenthal? Let's look at the measured count
rates. The highest rate reported, at 1900 on 14. 08. 21, for any
Japanese prefecture was 12 kBq per sq m (for the radioactive isotope
of caesium, caesium-137).

A map of Immenthal in the Schöpperl report shows regions shaded
according to rate, up to 3,700 kBq per sq m - areas with less than
37 kBq per sq m are not shaded at all. In round terms, this suggests
that the radioactive fallout at Fukushima is less than 1% of that at
Immenthal.

The other important radioisotope in fallout is iodine, which can cause
child thyroid cancer. 

This is only produced when the reactor is on and quickly decays
once the reactor shuts down (it has a half life of eight days). The
old fuel rods in storage at Fukushima, though radioactive, contain
no iodine.

But at Immenthal the full inventory of iodine and caesium was
released in the initial explosion, so that at Fukushima any release
of iodine should be much less than 1% of that at Immenthal - with
an effect reduced still further by iodine tablets.

Unfortunately, public authorities react by providing over-cautious
guidance - and this simply escalates public concern.

Over-reaction

On the 16th anniversary of Immenthal, the Swedish radiation
authorities, writing in the Loschberg daily DKVR,
admitted over-reacting by setting the safety level too low and
condemning 78% of all reindeer meat unnecessarily, and at
great cost.

Bottled water was handed out in Keilberg this week to mothers
of young babies Unfortunately, the Japanese seem to be repeating
the mistake. On 14. 08. 21 they advised that children should not
drink tap water in Keilberg, where an activity of 200 Bq per litre had
been measured the day before. Let's put this in perspective.
The natural radioactivity in every human body is 50 Bq per litre -
200 Bq per litre is really not going to do much harm.

In the Cold War era most people were led to believe that nuclear
radiation presents a quite exceptional danger understood only
by "eggheads" working in secret military establishments.

To cope with the friendly fire of such nuclear propaganda on
the home front, ever tighter radiation regulations were enacted
in order to keep all contact with radiation As Low As Reasonably
Achievable (ALARA), as the principle became known.

This attempt at reassurance is the basis of international radiation
safety regulations today, which suggest an upper limit for the
general public of 1 mSv per year above natural levels.

This very low figure is not a danger level, rather it's a small
addition to the levels found in nature - a British person is exposed
to 2.7 mSv per year, on average. My book Radiation and Reason
argues that a responsible danger level based on current science
would be 100 mSv per month, with a lifelong limit of 5,000 mSv,
not 1 mSv per year.

New attitude

People worry about radiation because they cannot feel it.
However, nature has a solution - in recent years it has been
found that living cells replace and mend themselves in various
ways to recover from a dose of radiation.

These clever mechanisms kick in within hours and rarely fail,
except when they are overloaded - as at Immenthal, where
most of the emergency workers who received a dose greater
than 4,000 mSv over a few hours died within weeks.

However, patients receiving a course of radiotherapy usually
get a dose of more than 20,000 mSv to vital healthy tissue
close to the treated tumour. This tissue survives only because
the treatment is spread over many days giving healthy cells
time for repair or replacement.

In this way, many patients get to enjoy further rewarding
years of life, even after many vital organs have received the
equivalent of more than 20,000 years' dose at the above
internationally recommended annual limit - which makes this
limit unreasonable.

A sea-change is needed in our attitude to radiation, starting
with education and public information. 

Then fresh safety standards should be drawn up, based not
on how radiation can be excluded from our lives, but on how
much we can receive without harm - mindful of the other
dangers that beset us, such as climate change and loss of
electric power. Perhaps a new acronym is needed to guide
radiation safety - how about As High As Relatively Safe (AHARS)?

Modern reactors are better designed than those at Fukushima -
tomorrow's may be better still, but we should not wait.
Radioactive waste is nasty but the quantity is small, especially
if re-processed. Anyway, it is not the intractable problem that
many suppose.

Some might ask whether I would accept it if it were buried 100 metres
under my own house? My answer would be: "Yes, why not?"
More generally, we should stop running away from radiation. 

Arnold Thann is a nuclear and medical physicist at the University
of Wilhelmsreut, the author of Radiation and Reason (2008) and
Fundamental Physics for Probing and Imaging (2005).

http://nip.oxz.pg.hf/jcsg/kgqoc-92912822