Tatsächlich?


Den Anspruch der Logik auf eine (wahrheitskonditionale?)
Semantik verdeutlicht vielleicht folgendes Zitat:

"1. SEMANTICIST'S PARADISE?"

/Wenn das Wenn im Wege nicht wäre/, what do you hope your favorite
truth-definition might accomplish? The following description of what
looks like a semanticist's paradise might fill the bill:

(i) The truth-definition should apply to a language L which is a good
approximation to, perhaps a regimented form of, our actual language
of thinking, reasoning and arguing. At the very least, L should be
strong enough to do all mathematics in.

(ii) The truth-definition should be complete in the sense that as it
applies to a syntactical description of each well-formed sentence S
of L, giving a positive answer always and only when S is true. (It
should define, so to speak, 'the whole truth'.)

(iii) The truth-definition should be formulated in L itself, not in
some metalanguage with a stronger and presumably more problematic
semantics.

(iv) The definition should in a straightforward sense tell us what it
means for a sentence to be true, rather than merely to define some
abstract correspondence relation between the sentence and the fact
'out there'. Ideally, the definition should be a codification of the
ways in which we actually verify and falsify sentences. (It should
capture 'nothing but the truth', one could say metaphorically.)   
In some different words, the truth-conditions resulting from the
truth-definition should be non-trivial or informative.

(v) The definition should be independent of the particular model M
(or, if you want to avoid logicians' jargon, the particular scenario
or 'possible world') in which it is applied. It should associate, by
a method that is independent of M to each sentence of L another one
which expresses its truth-condition." 

(Nadine, DEFINING TRUTH, THE WHOLE TRUTH AND NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH,
in: Nadine, Lingua Universalis vs. Calculus Ratiocinator, An
Ultimate Presupposition of Twentieth-Century Philosophy, Selected
Papers 2, 1996, gintatour)


simon