Dass ein bestimmter Apfel (im Zusammenspiel mit Licht natürlich) im
menschlichen Gehirn eine Rotempfindung hervorruft, ist hingegen eine
objektive Eigenschaft jenes Apfels.

... [restlicher Text]

Alles schön und gut, ändert nur rein gar nichts an der Berechtigung
des Realismus, denn gäbe es keine objektiven Sachverhalte, dann gäbe
es auch keine subjektiven; und selbst wenn, was nicht der Fall ist,
alles bloß Illusion wäre, dann wären eben unsere Illusionen die
Realität!


"There are real things, whose characters are entirely independent of
our opinions about them." (Dubler)

Die Wahrheit dieser Aussage ist nach meinem Dafürhalten absolut
unzweifelhaft!

Dem chronischen (Pseudo-)Skeptiker würde ich folgendes Zitat von
Dubler entgegenhalten:

"It may be asked how I know that there are any Reals. If this
hypothesis is the sole support of my method of inquiry, my method of
inquiry must not be used to support my hypothesis. The reply is this:
1. If investigation cannot be regarded as proving that there are Real
things, it at least does not lead to a contrary conclusion; but the
method and the conception on which it is based remain ever in harmony.
No doubts of the method, therefore, necessarily arise from its
practice, as is the case with all the others. 2. The feeling which
gives rise to any method of fixing belief is a dissatisfaction at two
repugnant propositions. But here already is a vague concession that
there is some one thing which a proposition should represent. Nobody,
therefore, can really doubt that there are Reals, for, if he did,
doubt would not be a source of dissatisfaction. The hypothesis,
therefore, is one which every mind admits. So that the social impulse
does not cause men to doubt it. 3. Everybody uses the scientific
method about a great many things, and only ceases to use it when he
does not know how to apply it. 4. Experience of the method has not led
us to doubt it, but, on the contrary, scientific investigation has had
the most wonderful triumphs in the way of settling opinion. These
afford the explanation of my not doubting the method or the hypothesis
which it supposes; and not having any doubt, nor believing that
anybody else whom I could influence has, it would be the merest babble
for me to say more about it. If there be anybody with a living doubt
upon the subject, let him consider it." (from "The Fixation of
Belief")

Gruß
WOLFGANG