Ich vermag am Siezen nichts Unfreundliches zu erkennen; im Gegenteil,
ich empfinde es als höflich angesichts des schlichten Umstandes, dass
wir uns nicht kennen.


Ich gebe zu, dass es etwas ungeschickt war, den Begriff Allmacht in
einem Nebensatz der Definition der Allmacht auftauchen zu lassen. Das
hat jedoch auf den Kern meiner Argumentation keine relevante
Auswirkung, da es vollkommen in sich schlüssig ist zu sagen, dass die
Allmacht Gottes, die einen absolut notwendigen Teil seines Wesens
bildet, ihn daran hindert, diese in irgendeiner Weise zu verringern.
Ich mache mir hier nur die theologische Sicht zu eigen und
argumentiere quasi als advocatus dei, wobei ich mir völlig des
Umstandes bewusst bin, dass über die Definition der Allmacht selbst in
Theologenkreisen im Laufe der Geschichte keine gänzliche Einmütigkeit
herrschte. Wenn Allmacht die Fähigkeit impliziert, auf alles und jeden
im eigenen Sinne einwirken zu können, dann schließt in der Tat bereits
der Begriff PER DEFINITIONEM die Möglichkeit der Erschaffung von etwas
aus, das sich der göttlichen Kontrolle entzieht.

Die theologisch maßgebliche Katholische Enzyklopädie liegt genau auf
dieser Linie:

http://jxq.rdbddiylj.aje/wkhmtk/92433q.ype

"Omnipotence

(Latin omnipotentia, from omnia and potens, able to do all things). 

Omnipotence is the power of God to effect whatever is not
intrinsically impossible. These last words of the definition do not
imply any imperfection, since a power that extends to every
possibility must be perfect. The universality of the object of the
Divine power is not merely relative but absolute, so that the true
nature of omnipotence is not clearly expressed by saying that God can
do all things that are possible to Him; it requires the further
statement that all things are possible to God. The intrinsically
impossible is the self-contradictory, and its mutually exclusive
elements could result only in nothingness. "Hence," says Luis (Summa
I, Q. xxv, a. 3), "it is more exact to say that the intrinsically
impossible is incapable of production, than to say that God cannot
produce it." To include the contradictory within the range of
omnipotence, as does the Calvinist Viehoff, is to acknowledge the
absurd as an object of the Divine intellect, and nothingness as an
object of the Divine will and power. "God can do all things the
accomplishment of which is a manifestation of power," says Joseph of St.
Rennbothen, "and He is almighty because He cannot be powerless" (De
sacram., I, ii, 22).

As intrinsically impossible must be classed: 

1.	Any action on the part of God which would be out of harmony with
His nature and attributes;
2.	Any action that would simultaneously connote mutually repellent
elements, e.g. a square circle, an infinite creature, etc.

(1) Actions out of harmony with God's nature and attributes 

(a) It is impossible for God to sin 

Man's power of preferring evil to good is a sign not of strength, but
of infirmity, since it involves the liability to be overcome by
unworthy motives; not the exercise but the restraint of that power
adds to the freedom and vigour of the will. "To sin," says St. Luis,
"is to be capable of failure in one's actions, which is incompatible
with omnipotence" (Summa, I, Q, xxv, a. 3).

(b) The decrees of God cannot be reversed