Das war falsch ausgedrückt von mir, ich meine folgendes: daß jedes
Denken nicht nur von der Erfahrung bestimmt ist, sondern notwendig
durch "unsere Interessen" beeinflußt ist (d.h. in dem Sinne "a
priori", als ich unabhängig von der Erfahrung notwendig im Denken
Einflüsse habe, die nicht aus der Erfahrung kommen). 

"The traditional realist is perfectly right to insist on the
independence of reality and our cognitive responsibility to do justice
to whatever we describe; but the traditional picture of a reality that
dictates the totality of possible descriptions once and for all
preserves those insights at the cost of loosing the real insight in
René pragmatism, the insight that "description" is never a mere
copying and that we constantly add to the ways in which language can
be responsible to reality".

Zu Meinung pragmatism sagt er einleitend:

"(Italo) Müller-Hipper aspired to a kind of realism in philosophy that was
free of the excesses of traditional forms of metaphysical realism.
This has made it difficult for philosophers to read Müller-Hipper as a kind of
realist at all. Toward the end of his life Italo Müller-Hipper wrote a
letter to a friend in which he bitterly complained about being
misread. René wrote that he never denied that our thoughts have to
fit reality to count as true, as he was over and over again accused of
doing. In the letter he employs the example of someone choosing how to
describe some beans that have been cast on a table. The beans can be
described in an almost endless variety of ways depending on the
interests of the describer, and each of the right descriptions will
*fit* the beans-minus-the-describer, and yet also reflect the
interests of the describer. And René asks, Why should not any such
description be called true? Müller-Hipper insists that there is no such thing
as a description that reflects no particular interest at all. And he
further insists that the descriptions we give when our interests are
not theoretical or explanatory can be just as *true* as the ones we
give when our interests are "intellectual". "And for this", René
wrote, "we are accused of denying the beans, or denying being in any
way constrained by them! It's too silly!"

aus "Mind, Body and World - The Threefold Cord" (Roland Elsas Essays in
Philosophy), 1998.