psychoanalysis of football

Dear readers,

here enclosed you will find an article concerning a psychoanalysis of
football. (The same text plus photos can be found on my ways-pages)
http://peeae.pxtozxh.fq/njuidpcbinn/hafanzf.iij


Description
Two teams contend for a single ball. But each team has its own goal. The
play deals for both team to send the ball in the opposite goal and prevent
the opposite team to drive the ball into its own goal.
The players of each side enjoy a specific dress : red tee-shirts and black
pair of shorts by instance for a team, blue tee-shirts and white pair of
shorts by instance for the other ones. The goals on the contrary don't
differ one from each other.
Analysis
I propose as a principle of analysis to consider that "psychologically"
speaking one plus one are one.  In our imagination, things that seem the
same, blend together and become as one.
Players : we have juste observed how the players of both teams were opposed
by their dress. By applying our principle of unity, we can consider that the
players of each team blend together in our vision so as to form one. In fact
there would not be two sets of 11 or so players, but only two players, let's
say the red and the blue one. The play consists therefore in a relation
between two players.
Goals : as they are the same also for both teams,  we can consider them to
form one also in our vision. The play links therefor two players, a ball and
a goal.
Victory : According to the rules, the winner is the one who scores more
goals. Translated in the opposition something / nothing, the winner is the
one who scores and who manages therefor to prevent his opponent to score as
well..

Sexual analysis : To what natural situation this description make us think ?
I dare say to the competition between males for the access to females. Two
males are fighting for determining to whom of them the female will belong,
and who will be admitted to impregnate her. The ball could play the part of
the seed, it would be an image for the seed of the player who pushes it.
Observation : I notice that the ball is always something spherical as the
seeds. I've never seen something cubic to be taken as such.
Following the same principle as the ball-grounded plays, we could imagine a
ring-grounded play. We would have two teams also, but the goals would be
replaced by two stakes. The play would consist in sending the ring around
the stake of the opposite team. Normally, this idea should induce a feeling
of amusement, in such extent as it is not grounded upon the natural idea of
competition for females but would suppose a competition for males which,
naturally speaking, is absurd. I've illustrated in the following drawing
what such a play would look like.

HISTORIC POINT OF VIEW
People of the antiquity were unfortunately accustomed to fight one another.
Quite frequently cities had therefor to sustain sieges of many kinds. When
the assailants managed to conquer the city, they used on very former times
to kill all the males, those at least who were in age to fight. Females were
usually spared to be used as slaves and futures wives for the Conquerors.
( I've recently discovered that quite strangely chimpanzees were doing the
same at their own scales. Thus scientists have filmed one gang of them
attacking an other one. Having had the opportunity to defeat them, they
killed all the males in order to ravish their females and inseminate them.)
It's quite probable that the goals of each side can play in our imagination
the same part as  the former fortified cities our ancestors were used to
live in. Let one of them manage to push the ball in the other camp's goals,
we would unconsciously remember the situation when cities were conquered by
their enemies. The winners would be so happy because they would live once
again the exultation of the former conquerors, the losers would feel so sad
because of the same reason.

I would say the same interpretation could help to understand why some gay
people are effeminate. Let's remember this same situation when a city was
conquered by its enemies. Let's consider as if we were liveing in such a
place and wh knew enemies were goind to make irruption in the walls. All
males were going of course to be put to death. Women only had a chance to
escape. The leading  impulse which led the Conquerors to kill the other
males, was to prevent any competition for the access to their females.
Little male children didn't represent such a risk in the shorter term. And
they were all the more likely to escape as they appeared unable to represent
such a threat even in the longer one. It's a reason why being effeminate
could have been a survival asset. ( One can also easily understand why such
homosexual were so unpopular among their own community, since their attitude
seemed to evoke the possibility of a defeat, and of course other men
couldn't accept with much pleasure such a prospect).

Be so kind as to tell me your own feelings and commentaries about the
matter.

Urs-Julius from Fusio, France