Tues.6.DEC.2011 -- Breakthrough in German Verb-Recall

It is a lot easier for an AI mind-designer to change the
beginning of an utterance than to change the ending, because
we have more control over the start of an output than over the
end of an output. For instance, our English-speaking AI Minds
(in Forth and in JavaScript) have the ability to determine that
a word is about to start with a vowel, so that the software can
use "an" instead of "a" as an article before the utterance begins.
In the German DeKi artificial intelligence, today we have just
barely come up with a way to alter the ending of a German verb
on the fly as the verb is being spoken or output to the screen.
This AI algorithm is so new that we have just thought it up and
we have not tried it yet, but we intuitively feel confident that
it should work.

If a German verb like "denken" (to think) is stored in auditory
memory as the infinitive form ending typically with "en", it is
a major problem for us to figure out how to recall that verb and
utter it in a non-infinitive form, such as "ich denke" for "I think."
We do not wish to store the entire present-tense paradigm for every
German verb. We would rather haphazardly store the German verb in
whatever form or forms it is first learned and subsequently used,
then
derive proper output forms on the fly from the most recent engrams
of the verb in whatever form they may chance to be stored. Today we
feel that we have made a major step towards achieving output control
over German verbs in the present tense.

In the English-speaking AI Minds we have used the "flex1" variable
in the VerbPhrase module to add an "S" ending to an English verb
being
output in the third person singular of the present tense, such as
in "He plays chess," which in German would be, "Er spielt Schach."
The English AI simply accesses the basic word "play" in auditory
memory
and adds an "S" to it. In German, matters are more complicated,
because
recent engrams of the verb "spielen" (play) are not automatically
stored as stems of the verb.

We propose to shift the burden of ending German verbs properly from
the verb-phrase ZeitWort module over to the SpeechAct output module.
We will use the "ctu" continuation-flag in auditory memory to detect
that a word is about to be spoken with an ending other than what
the speech parameters call for, and we will change the ending
on the fly in the SpeechAct module, not only so that we get the
proper output, but so that the resulting new engram has the proper
parameters of person and number for finding the correct form more
easily the next time around.

If the thought-generation software needs to access a verb
like "spielen" in the first person singular but finds only an
infinitive form ending in "EN", we actually have control over
that final "N", because it coincides with a "ctu" value changing
from one ("1") to zero ("0"). With the parameters of "singular"
and "first person", we can direct that the final "N" shall simply
be omitted, to get an output like, "ICH SPIELE SCHACH".
This simple mechanism should work for the first person singular,
and we may be able to refine the mechanism for slightly more
complex situations like second and third person singular.

Mentifex (Wolf)
--
http://cxb.uox.qxn/~bonjqxob/RcAf.zdv
http://axwq.gciduf.gac/i/thadtzekn/ofep/DvKniv
http://rvwr.wzdvst.moj/m/kpkkixuvi/mkzw/NlEa
http://ssdu.ftwszh.iwz/j/sxrfepmlo/lrli/TufaPklvuy