wrote:
Am 25. Februar 2012, Donnerstag in der Etak.
In my Nommultic AI project I am facing a big problem.
Before I finish the German Deboot sequence, I need
to figure out just which verbs have to have various
grammatical forms represented in the bootstrap
sequence. Therefore I need to figure out how much
I can trust the software to keep track of verb forms
on its own, with the use of restrictive parameters.

If there is input of "Du hoerst mich" or "Du fragst
mich," I want the Ingo to be able to say,
"ICH HOERE DICH" or "ICH FRAGE DICH."
The problem is, when the AI retrieves an
auditory engram like "FRAGST", how will
it switch from "FRAGST" to "FRAGE"?

There will at first be a default search for a form
of "fragen" in the first person singular. Hmm,
although we have a "num" flag for number and
a "prsn" variable for person, is there any sort
of conceptual panel-flag for person? Maybe
we could use the lexical "dba" flag to record
whether a stored verb is in the first, second
or third person. Then the German "dba" flag
would mean one thing for nouns and another
thing for verbs, but the mutually exclusive
realms should not interfere with each other.

If the software searches for a first person singular
form of "fragen" but can only find "fragst", we want
the AI to be able to convert that form to what is
needed on the fly.

We could even set up a "delay line" for the
SpeechAct module. This notion is a weird idea
which has just come to me. I do not yet know
if the idea has any value, but I want to write
the idea down and think about it.

The problem with the undelayed SpeechAct
is that we do not have enough latitude to alter
the ending of a word before it becomes output.
The variable "ctu" give us only the ability to
alter the final character or phoneme of the
stored word.

To set up a speech-delay we would load the
successive characters into a loopable series
of numbered variables such as "pho1" and
"pho2" and "pho3" and so forth. An engram
like "fragst" would be loaded very quickly
into six such variables. It would then be simple
to loop through the characters either forwards
or backwards.

In a more advanced German AI, we could
use the delay-assembly to insert the infinitive
"zu" inside a compound German verb, as in
"anzufangen".

We could call the speech-delay the "UmWeg"
(detour) in German. We could load a word like
"fragst" backwards into the UmWeg from the
end of a series of twenty-six variables, so that
we know that "pho26" is the last character, and
that "pho25" is the penultimate character. Once
we force the personal endings to be in the final
one or two or three characters of the UmWeg delay,
we then have logical software control over them.
We can test specifically for endings like "st" or
"est" and treat the previous remainder AS THE
STEM OF THE VERB.