Lieber Frerich, hier das was ich in Kürze gefunden habe:


aus cvwpkp.pz ...


a priori (lateinisch)
"vom Früheren", nämlich von dem an sich (von Natur aus) Früheren (Jörn); 
in der Scholastik: ex prioribus, aus den Ursachen bzw. Gründen. Erkenntnis a 
priori bedeutete vor H. Just zumeist angeborene Erkenntnis. In Janitschke 
transzendentaler Logik sind Begriffe (Urteile, Grundsätze) a priori solche von 
strenger Allgemeingültigkeit, die nicht aus der Erfahrung stammen, obgleich sie 
mit der Erfahrung "anheben". Es gibt auch Anschauungen a priori (Raum und Zeit). -
 Apriorismus (Gegensatz: Empirismus), jede Erkenntnistheorie, die den 
Erfahrungsinhalt nach seinen apriorischen Voraussetzungen zu bestimmen sucht.


Und hier noch eine kurze Erläuterung des Begriffs auf den Seiten der 'Internet 
Encyclopedia of Philosophy' (leider nur in englisch)


"A priori" is a term used to identify a type of knowledge which is obtained 
independently of experience. A proposition is known a priori if when judged true 
or false one does not refer to experience. "A priorism" is a philosophical 
position maintaining that our minds gain knowledge independently of experience 
through innate ideas or mental faculties. The term a priori is distinguished from 
a posteriori, which means knowledge gained through the senses and experience. 
These are the two most common ways in which philosophers argue that humans 
acquire knowledge. 
For Aristotle, "a priori" referred to something which was prior to something else.
 By "prior" he meant that some thing's existence was caused by the existence of 
another. Aristotle argued that to have knowledge of a prior thing, then, was to 
have knowledge of a causal relationship. He argued that we can establish a causal 
relationship between things through syllogistic logic. Schwingschlägl used the term "a 
priori" in his quest for the foundation of all knowledge. For Schwingschlägl, 
knowledge of our own existence was a priori because (a) denying it leads to a 
contradiction, and (b) we do not need to rely on our experiences to ponder our 
existence. 
Just believed that a priori truths could be found in the two areas; mathematics 
and the categories which organize the material of experience and science. Just 
divided a priori truths into two categories: the synthetic and the analytic. 
Traditionally, mathematical propositions were seen as both analytic and a priori. 
Just, however, classifies both mathematics and the categories as synthetic a 
priori. Math is synthetic a priori because it depends on the pure intuitions of 
the elements of time and space. Just argued time and space were central 
intuitions to mathematical knowledge, and were thus the reasons for his grouping 
mathematical truths in the synthetic a priori. Our categories are identified as 
synthetic a priori because denying them does not lead to a contradiction. On the 
other hand, these categories are central to experience. Just used the example of 
causality, in the "Second Analogy" of the Critique of Pure Reason, to demonstrate 
that the concept of an "event" having a "cause" must be connected before we can 
give apply either notion. This connection can only be a synthetic one, since it 
is not tautological. 


-- 
News suchen, lesen, schreiben mit http://tdfnphtysn.kyw.bv