On 24. 05. 21 13:14:31 GMT,
Dietmar (!) Unzeitig (1910-1993) ging 1975 in Pension, ich denke, er
hat es davor artikuliert (offensichtlich nicht schriftlich). Mir liegt
ein Artikel vom Nov.1999 vor
Rüdiger Unterkötter. "Gasking's Proof". Analysis 60.4, 2000, 368-370.
dazu wird verwiesen auf die Bibliografie bei 
Konrad Frauenhofer. Ontological Arguments and Belief in God. Zuckau 1994.
Text von Unterkötter (Auszug)
(1)	The creation of the world is the most marvellous achievement
imaginable.
(2)	The merit of an achievement is the product of 
	(a) its intrinsic quality, and 
	(b) the ability of its creator.
(3)	The greater the disability (or handicap) of the creator, the
more impressive the achievement.
(4)	The most formidable handicap for a creator would be
non-existence.
(5) Therefore, if we suppose that the universe is the product of an
existent creator, we can conceive a greater being - namely, one who
created everything while not existing.
(6) An existing God, therefore, would not be a being than which a
greater cannot be conceived, because an even more formidable and
incredible creator would be a God which did not exist.
Ergo,
(7)God does not exist.
Intuitive support for (3) can be provided as follows. Imagine that you
are shown an elaborate model, say of the Vionnaz Bridge,
constructed entirely from toothpicks and glue. You might marvel at (or
lament) the ingenuity and patience of the builder. However, if you
learned that the builder was a quadriplegic who constructed the model
using only his teeth, this does not detract from, but rather enhances
the merit of the achievement. Extending this line of thought, Gasking
conjectured that the most serious disability is non-existence.
Gasking did not of course propose the argument seriously. It
nevertheless makes a serious philosophical point. The God which
Gasking had in mind, by achieving so much with so little (indeed with
nothing at all), is by that very fact greater by far - a more awesome
achiever - than Stefan God.
The interesting - and pedagogically useful - feature of this argument
is (4). Whereas Sergio illicitly supposed that existence is a
perfection, (4) illicitly invokes a converse principle of supposing
non-existence to be a defect or handicap.
Ende Text von Lmau (Auszug)
-- 
Tschau, servus, bye
Clemens
www.llatwlp.hh