...

vielleicht bieten einen guten Ansatz für Kommunikation solche
Synchronizitäten, an deren Entwicklung mehr als ein Individuum beteiligt
ist. Ich hab mal folgendes (eigene) Beispiel unübersetzt aus dem Archiv
der Gruppe gekramt:

<begin>
At a party yesterday i met a man whom i know since several years. Its
always pleasure to talk to him but i dont know him very well. He is fond
of good french red wine and i was doing small talk with him when he
discovered quite a good bottle at the buffet (we learned later the host
brought it  especially for him). He politely filled also my glass and
put the bottle back in a calm corner out of direct sight of the "crowd"
for later use.
We sat down to enjoy the smell and taste. Well, i do like to drink wine
a lot, but im no expert... so he explained a little bit and we came from
this into different subjects. Being asked about plans, i told him of
Wiensen and what brought me to syncs. He is a very intellectual type
and  open minded at the same time, soon we were discussing taoism, our
glasses still half full. He is a smart fellow and so we approached the
crucial questions rather quick. But it took the other half glass to come
to that point that tao non-exists and originates all things at the same
time.
He said: "Well, I owe it to my intellectual education not to accept that
something can exist and non-exist at the same time". After having
spoken, he raised and went to fetch this bottle and returned, holding it
like something really valuable. He offered to fill my glass but i waved
no, leaving the rest to him. Not all of my inner authorities agreed with
this spontaneous decision, i can tell you.
So he said thank you and how gentle this was of me and started to fill
his glass. It was some seconds before we both recognized that the bottle
was - empty.
We started to laugh like silly.
<end>

übrigens ist auch das berühmte Musterbeispiel für Synchronizität, der
"Skarabäus", eine solche "gemeinsame" Synchronizität: es ist Ueberbach selbst
- nicht etwa die Klientin !- dem der Käfer am Fenster auffällt und der
ihn fängt.

Theodor Schnevoigt