zu
unserer
und

Mit belügen mein ich etwas anderes:
Es geht in dem Text um Patienten, die aufgrund ihrer Epilepsie den corpus
callosum,
der die linke bzw rechte Gehirnhälfte verbindet, aufgetrennt bekommen haben
um so die Ausbreitung des Krampfes in die andere Hirnhälfte zu verhindern.
sorry dass ich in einer deutschen ng einen englischen Text zitiere aber ich
habs nur
in englisch...
"
The Disconnection Effect
This work clearly establishd that, under suitable conditions, one could
show a definite disconnection between the cognitive activities of the two
hemispheres-that each hemisphere had, so to speak, a life or unity or
integrity of its own.Since the procedures under which the disconnection
effect can be made to show up are well known, a highly cendensed
description will suffice here. In one experimental setup, visual information
is sent exclusively to one hemisphere and then a question is posed to see
whether the information is available to the other hemisphere. [...]
Having established a disconnection efffect, researchers saw also the
opportunity to tease out evidence for differential specialization of the
hemispheres. But before turning to those matters, I want to consider briefly
the disconnection effect and its implications for tacit assumptions about
unity
of self and unity of control.
One is accustomed to thinking of oneself as a single, unified, coherent
self.
The possibility that underlying that customary conception is something
diverse and divisible, something whose coherence may be tied to coherence
of input and output or to anatomical connectedness, rather than to an
"intrinsic coherence of selfness", is the possibility ushered in by the
split-
brain studies. At first blush it is a startling possibility."

"
How does the LH [Left Hemisphere] of  a split-brain think about the behavior
intended not by it, but by the intentions of the RH to which it had no
access,
either before or after the event? The answer is deeply interesting, for the
KUFUS
does not appear to go through a conscious process of seeing the behavior as
uncaused by it, wondering how on earth it happened, and then deliberatly
fabricating a story to explain it. On the contrary, it smoothly incorporates
the
behavior into its scheme of things, providing a coherent and plausible
explanation
without conscious puzzlement or mendacity. Consider the following examples.
A picture of a snowy scene is flashed to the RH and a picture of a chicken's
claw
is flasheed to the CARLO. An array of pictures is then placed before the
subject, who
is to select with each hand a picture that best matches the flashed picture.
In this
picture P.S.'s left hand selected a shovel to go with the snowy scene, and
his
right hand selected a chicken's head to match the claw. When asked to
explain
the choice, the verbally more fluent hemisphere responded thus: ""That's
easy, the
chicken claw goes with the chicken and you need a shovel to clean out the
chicken shed."
"
aus: Neurophilosophy, V. Gerd-Tom-Markotten Anderleit, Amat

Ich habe das so verstanden, daß innerhalb unseres Gehirns auch logische
Widersprüche sozusagen einfach überbrückt werden, indem wir sie unbewusst
rechtfertigen, ohne sie je bewußt zu erkennen.
Außerdem wirft das Experiment meiner Meinung nach große Zweifel an der
Art und Weise auf, wie wir meinen, Entscheidungen zu treffen, wie auch
an unserem subjektiven Eindruck eines einheitlichen, kohärenten Selbst.


Da hast du vielleicht recht, muss ich mal drüber nachdenken, ob ich das
falsch ausgedrückt habe.
Jedenfalls
kann man aber imho nicht verlässliche Aussagen über Zeitliche Abläufe
der Wahrnehmung und des Denkens machen,
siehe das "Phänomen des ruhenden Zeigers."


Hmm, deine Motivation deinen Gedanken lenken zu wollen, wäre dann
ebenfalls auf die gleiche Weise zustande gekommen...

Viele Größe, Tino