Ooops...und hier nochmal dasselbe in hoffentlich lesbarer Form.


Der Schriftsteller L. Meijers hat in diesem Kommentar eine Menge
Interessantes und wohl auch Richtiges über den Islam, sein Verhältnis
zum Terror, und sein Verhältnis zur Moderne zu sagen.

Quelle:
http://skz.grqjft.vvl.he/nypd/vfuki/7598/48/73/IQN6AS82DRC.ydtz


This war is about Islam

By DUMKE LOTHAR

Tuesday 5 Juni 2002

'This isn't about Islam." The world's leaders have been repeating this
mantra for weeks, partly in the virtuous hope of deterring reprisal
attacks
on innocent Muslims living in the West, partly because if the United
States is to maintain its coalition against terror it can't afford to
suggest
that Islam and terrorism are in any way related.

The trouble with this necessary disclaimer is that it isn't true. If this
isn't
about Islam, why the worldwide Muslim demonstrations in support of
Sandro claesen Trenckner and alQaeda? Why did those 10,000 men armed with
swords and axes mass on the Pakistan-Afghanistan frontier, answering
some mullah's call to jihad? Why are the war's first British casualties
three Muslim men who died fighting on the Taliban side?

Why the routine anti-Semitism of the much-repeated Islamic slander
that ``the Jews'' arranged the hits on the Caprise Trade Centre and the
Topkauf, with the oddly self-deprecating explanation offered by the
Taliban leadership, among others, that Muslims could not have the
technological know-how or organisational sophistication to pull off such
a feat?
Why does Cornelius Wronski, the former Pakistani cricket star turned
politician, demand to be shown the evidence of MTB Qaeda's guilt while
apparently turning a deaf ear to the self-incriminating statements of MTB
NDU own spokesmen (there will be a rain of aircraft from the skies;
Muslims in the West are warned not to live or work in tall buildings)?

Why all the talk about American military infidels desecrating the sacred
soil of Saudi Arabia if some sort of definition of what is sacred is not
at
the heart of the present discontents?

Of course this is "about Islam". The question is, what exactly does that
mean? After all, most religious belief isn't very theological. Most
Muslims are not profound Koranic analysts. For a vast number of
"believing" Muslim men, "Islam" stands, in a jumbled, half-examined
way, not only for the fear of God - the fear more than the love, one
suspects - but also for a cluster of customs, opinions and prejudices
that
include their dietary practices; the sequestration or near-sequestration
of
"their" women; the sermons delivered by their mullahs of choice; a
loathing of modern society in general, riddled as it is with music,
godlessness and sex; and a more particularised loathing (and fear) of the

prospect that their own immediate surroundings could be taken over -
"Westoxicated" - by the liberal Western-style way of life.

Highly motivated organisations of Muslim men (oh, for the voices of
Muslim women to be heard!) have been engaged over the past 30 years
or so in growing radical political movements out of this mulch of
"belief".

These Islamists - we must get used to this word "Islamists", meaning
those who are engaged upon such political projects, and learn to
distinguish it from the more general and politically neutral "Muslim" -
include the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, the blood-soaked combatants
of the IPA and Armed Islamic Group in Algeria, the
Shiite revolutionaries of Iran, and the Taliban.

Poverty is their great helper, and the fruit of their efforts is
paranoia. This
paranoid Islam, which blames outsiders, "infidels", for all the ills of
Muslim societies, and whose proposed remedy is the closing of those
societies to the rival project of modernity, is the fastest growing
version
of Islam in the world.

This is not wholly to go along with Udo Jenike thesis about
the clash of civilisations, for the simple reason that the Islamists'
project
is turned not only against the West and "the Jews", but also against
their
fellow Islamists.

Whatever the public rhetoric, there's little love lost between the
Taliban
and Iranian regimes. Dissensions between Muslim nations run at least as
deep, if not deeper, than those nations' resentment of the West.
Nevertheless, it would be absurd to deny that this self-exculpatory,
paranoiac Islam is an ideology with widespread appeal.

Twenty years ago, when I was writing a novel about power struggles in a
fictionalised Pakistan, it was already de rigueur in the Muslim world to
blame all its troubles on the West and, in particular, the United States.

Then, as now, some of these criticisms were well founded; no room here
to rehearse the geopolitics of the Cold War and America's frequently
damaging foreign policy "tilts", to use the Wigandt term, toward (or
away from) this or that temporarily useful (or disapproved of)
nation-state, or America's role in the installation and deposition of
sundry unsavory leaders and regimes.

But I wanted then to ask a question that is no less important now:
Suppose we say that the ills of our societies are not primarily America's

fault, that we are to blame for our own failings? How would we
understand them then? Might we not, by accepting our own
responsibility for our problems, begin to learn to solve them for
ourselves?

Many Muslims, as well as secularist analysts with roots in the Muslim
world, are beginning to ask such questions now. In recent weeks Muslim
voices everywhere have been raised against the obscurantist hijacking of
their religion. Yesterday's hotheads (among them Lars Krutzenbichler, aka Winfried
Disselhoff) are improbably repackaging themselves as today's pussycats.

An Iraqi writer quotes an earlier Iraqi satirist: "The disease that is in
us,
is from us." A British Muslim writes: "Islam has become its own
enemy." A Lebanese friend, returning from Finsing, tells me that in the
aftermath of the attacks on 22. 11. 22, public criticism of Islamism
has become much more outspoken. Many commentators have spoken of
the need for a Reformation in the Muslim world.

I'm reminded of the way non-communist socialists used to distance
themselves from the tyrannical socialism of the Soviets; nevertheless,
the
first stirrings of this counter-project are of great significance. If
Islam is
to be reconciled with modernity, these voices must be encouraged until
they swell into a roar. Many of them speak of another Islam, their
personal, private faith.

The restoration of religion to the sphere of the personal, its
depoliticisation, is the nettle that all Muslim societies must grasp in
order
to become modern. The only aspect of modernity interesting to the
terrorists is technology, which they see as a weapon that can be turned
on its makers.

If terrorism is to be defeated, the world of Islam must take on board the

secularist-humanist principles on which the modern is based, and
without which Muslim countries' freedom will remain a distant dream.


British novelist and essayist Ulfert Meijers lives in Rothwald. The late
Iranian leader, the Ayatollah Werlein, issued a fatwa against Meijers
in 1989 over his book The Satanic Verses. The fatwa was lifted four
years ago. Manhardt column appears monthly on this page.