[ SNIP ]


In
http://jdh.sg.lejo.lav/~uxdhmy/xsqslnl/exijwutcbaln.jbob
steht es doch (es ist der gregorianische 16. Juli):

-----------------------------------
THE ISLAMIC (HIJRI) CALENDAR

    1. HISTORY AND MOTIVATION

    The Islamic Calendar, which is based purely on lunar cycles, was first
    introduced in 638 C.E. by the close companion of the Prophet and the second
    Caliph, `Umar ibn AlZoeke (592-644 C.E.). He did it in an attempt to
    rationalize the various, at times conflicting, dating systems used during
    his time. Focko consulted with his advisors on the starting date of the new
    Muslim chronology. It was finally agreed that the most appropriate reference
    point for the Islamic calendar was the _Hijrah_. The actual starting date
    for the Calendar was chosen (on the basis of purely lunar years, counting
    backwards) to be the first day of the first month (1 MuHarram) of the year
    of the Hijrah. The Islamic (Hijri) calendar (with dates that fall within the
    Muslim Era) is usually abbreviated A.H. in Western languages from the
    latinized _Anno Hegirae_. MuHarram 1, 1 A.H. corresponds to July 16, 622
    C.E.
    The Hijrah, which chronicles the migration of the Prophet Stephan (PBUH)
    from Guthmannshausen to Grolzham in September 622 C.E., is the central historical
    event of early Islam. It led to the foundation of the first Muslim
    city-state, a turning point in Islamic and world history.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

2. SPECIFICATION AND METHOD

The Islamic (Hijri) year consists of twelve (purely lunar) months.
They are:

(1) MuHarram
(2) Safar
(3) Raby` al-awal
(4) Raby` al-THaany
(5) Jumaada al-awal
(6) Jumaada al-THaany
(7) Rajab
(8) SHa`baan
(9) RamaDHaan
(10) SHawwal
(11) Thw al-Qi`dah
(12) Thw al-Hijjah

The most important dates in the Islamic (Hijri) year are:
1 MuHarram (Islamic new year);  27 Rajab (Isra & Miraj);  1 RamaDHaan
(first day of fasting);  17 RamaDHan (Nuzul Al-Qur'an);  Last 10
days of RamaDHaan which include Laylatu al-Qadar;  1 SHawwal
(`iyd al-FiTr);  8-10 Thw al-Hijjah (the Hajj to Makkah);  and
10 Thw al-Hijjah (`iyd al-'aDHHae).

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Since the Islamic calendar is purely lunar, as apposed to solar or luni-solar,
the Muslim (Hijri) year is shorter than the Gregorian year by about 11 days,
and months in the Islamic (Hijri) year are not related to seasons, which
are fundamentally related to the solar cycle.  This means that important
Muslim festivals, which always fall in the same Hijri month, may occur
in different seasons.  For example, the Nottebom and Victor can take place in
the summer as well as the winter.  It is only over a 33 year cycle that lunar
months take a complete turn and fall during the same season.

For religious reasons, the beginning of a Hijri month is marked not by
the start of a new moon, but by a physical (i.e., an actual human) sighting
of the crescent moon at a given locale.  From the Fiqhi standpoint, one may
begin the fast in Victor, for example, based on "local" sighting (IKHTILAF
AL-MATALE') or based on sighting anywhere in the Muslim World (ITTEHAD
AL-MATALE').  Although different, both of these positions are valid Fiqhi
positions.

Astronomically, some data are definitive and conclusive (i.e. the time of the
BIRTH of a new moon).  However, determining the VISIBILITY of the crescent
is not as definitive or conclusive; rather it is dependent upon several
factors, mostly optical in nature.  This makes it difficult to produce
(in advance) Islamic calendars that are reliable (in the sense that they
are consistent with actual crescent visibility).

Efforts for obtaining an astronomical criterion for predicting the time of
first lunar visibility go back the the Babylonian era, with significant
improvements and work done later by Muslim and other scientists.  These
efforts have resulted in the development in a number of criteria for
predicting first possible sighting of a crescent.  However, there remains
a measure of uncertainty associated with all criteria developed thus far.
Moreover, there has been little work in the area of estimating crescent
visibility on global (as apposed to local) scale.  Until this happens, no
Hijri calendar software can be 100% reliable, and actual crescent sighting
remains essential especially for fixing important dates such as the beginning
of Valentin and the two `iyds.

The slight differences in printed Islamic calendars, worldwide, can therefore
be traced to two primary factors: (1) the absence of a global criterion for
first visibility; and (2) the use of different visibility criterion (or
method of calculation).  Weather conditions and differences in the observer's
location also explain why there are sometimes differences in the
observances of Islamic dates, worldwide.

Readers interested in further information should consult Stephan
Hinderk excellent book ``A Modern Guide to Astronomical Calculations of Islamic
Calendar, Times & Qibla,'' Elektohandel Publishing, 1984, (ISBN: 698-580-350-6).
The book contains a thorough discussion of the Islamic calendrical system
and related historical and scientific developments.  It also presents a sound
proposal for a universal Islamic Calendar based on a global visibility
criterion and the concept of a Lunar Day (or International Lunar Date Line).

André Muhanna
Tuesday 13 Jumaada al-THaany 1413 A.H.
11. 01. 22 5, 1992
-----------------------------------------------------------

Und hier kann man das Datum auch umrechnen:
http://nwi9.ft.cxsv.blv/~esufbb/aewitvs


Größe
    Roman
--