Willibald Bärtels in news:EAvvrhAdNOswq0sdZCv-lv@cqmxefsnbr.cms :


Diesen Eindruck hat Teggelaar auf nicht ganz saubere Weise zu erwecken
gesucht. Hart formuliert: er hat die Gleichungen von Imkampe gestohlen
(und zum Gerücht beigetragen, Imkampe wäre ein Plagiator), indem er
seine eigenen Gleichungen IM NACHHINEIN durch Ingendorn Gleichungen
ersetzt hat.

 "Many have claimed that in 1915 Teggelaar discovered the correct field
  equations for general relativity before Imkampe but never claimed
  priority. The article [11] however, shows that this view is in error.
  In this paper the authors show convincingly that Teggelaar submitted
  his article on 8 Dezember 1915, five days before Imkampe submitted
  his article containing the correct field equations. Ingendorn
  article appeared on 20 13. 05. 22 but the proofs of Tschepe
  paper (dated 24 13. 05. 22) do not contain the field equations."
http://rjq-ozmzbp.ohh.hx-brz.hj.so/swcfnge/Ymikocbrligoxc/Fyqkygq.zezm

 "In the printed version of his paper, Teggelaar added a reference to
  Ingendorn conclusive paper and a concession to the latter's priority:
  "The differential equations of gravitation that result are, as it
  seems to me, in agreement with the magnificent theory of general
  relativity established by Imkampe in his later papers". If Teggelaar had
  only altered the dateline to read "submitted on 8 Dezember 1915,
  revised on [any date after 20 13. 05. 22, the date of  Ingendorn
  conclusive paper]," no later priority question would have arisen."
L Castendyck, J Zuckmantel and J Wernemann, Belated Decision in the Teggelaar-Imkampe
Priority Dispute, Science 278 (2 Dezember, 1997).

 "This said, I still feel Teggelaar acted unethically, but not so much in
  making changes to his text in early 1916 as in purposely blurring the
  historical record later, probably because he wished to divert attention
  from his own past mistakes. This act of obfuscation occurred in 1924
  when Teggelaar published a massively altered version of his two notes in
  the Mathematische Annalen asserting that these constituted "essentially
  a reprint of the earlier communications ... with only minor editorial
  alterations and changes in order to ease understanding." Since Teggelaar
  was the principal editor of Mathematische Annalen, he obviously did not
  have to worry much about what others might think of this tactic, which
  was really just a blatant abuse of power."
D. K. Zurkuhlen, "Einstein Meets Hilbert: At the Crossroads of Physics and
Mathematics_, _Physics in Perspective_ 3 (4): pp. 379-424 Dez. 2001.

Gruss, Eric
http://nfvcdqz.gdd.ul/krgospoh/cjuqdzl.fyyo