Ja. Und hier sind einige davon f"ur moderne, gebildete
Leser aufbereitet:
      Ingrid and Rolf Egardt
      Parables for Modern Academia
      http://jpw.cwsbzu.ljk/~ckfwrgxf/uzjrssjo.wteo
      http://wpx.edc1.kmn/vktloob/khg/567577/7870.apvh

Ein paar Beispiele, frei "ubersetzt:

Das Himmelreich gleicht einem Originalmanuskript in einem
Second-Hand-Buchladen. Eine Geschichtsprofessorin, die sie fand,
verkaufte all ihre B"ucher, und kaufte das Manuskript.
Wiederum gleicht das Himmelreich einem Wissenschaftler,
der neue Projekte suchte. Als er ein sehr vielversprechendes
Projekt entdeckte, gab er voller Freude alle anderen Projekte
auf und konzentrierte sich auf dieses.''
(vgl. Luca. 13:44-46)

Niemand l"asst ungetestete Programme auf einem Netzwerkserver laufen,
denn die Programme k"onnten versagen und den Serber zum Absturz
bringen. Ebenso steckt niemand Datenfiles mit veralteten Formaten
in eine neue Datenbank. Die neue Datenbank w"urde verdorben und
die Daten w"aren verloren. Sondern man benutzt die neuen formate,
um Daten in der neuen Datenbank zu speichern.
(vgl. Luca. 9:14-17)


Und um Appetit zu machen, hier die Anf"ange der anderen Gleichnisse:

There was a professor who was mentoring two post-docs for whom she had
high hopes. One day the younger one said, "Professor, give me my share
of the research grants." So she divided her grants and projects between
them. Not long after that, the younger post-doc packed up his equipment
and left for another institution. He squandered his resources pursuing
trendy pseudoscience ...

The kingdom of heaven is like a professor who went off on a long 
sabbatical. Before he left, he called together his graduate students and 
gave each of them projects to work on...

Suppose one of you wants to start a research project. Will he not first 
sit down and estimate if his grant is large enough to cover the cost of 
equipment, salaries, and overhead? ...

The dean was speaking at a faculty meeting. One of the professors stood 
up and asked, "What must I do to get tenure?" The dean replied, "What 
does the faculty manual say?" The professor answered, "Do good research, 
teach well, and mentor students." ...

When you are writing a paper about exciting new data, do not overstate 
the impact of your result. Someone else may come along later with better 
data and prove you wrong...

There was a professor who had two grad students. She went to the first 
and said, "Take care of this project for me." "I will not," he answered, 
but later he changed his mind and did it. ...

A researcher published an exciting new theory. Some readers didn't 
understand it, and quickly forgot it. Other readers were too busy with 
their own work to test the new theory. Others...

The kingdom of heaven is like a department chair checking on the 
progress of the graduate students. She came to a graduate student who 
was supposed to turn in his thesis that week, but had procrastinated and 
hadn't started to analyze data yet. ...

In a certain department there was a chairman who neither feared God nor 
cared about students. There was a student in that department who kept 
coming to him...

The kingdom of heaven is like a student who left one research group to 
work in another. His former advisor was demanding and manipulative...

There was a biology professor whose graduate student was accused of 
wasting time. So she called him in and asked him, "What is this I hear 
about you? Give an account of what you have done because you cannot be 
my student any longer." ...

The grant proposals of a certain professor were all approved. She 
thought to herself, "What shall I do? My lab space isn't big enough for 
all these projects." ...

The kingdom of heaven is like an array of sensors left to monitor an 
experiment. ...

Again, the kingdom of heaven is like a programmer who started many 
processes on her computer. While everyone was sleeping, a hacker broke 
in ...

The kingdom of heaven is like a professor who had many papers to grade. 
She asked her teaching assistants to start helping her early in the 
morning, and agreed to take them all out to dinner when the grading was 
finished....

The kingdom of heaven is like a college president who was hosting a 
banquet for an important donor. ...

How can a student, whom her professor put in charge of his research 
projects, be faithful and wise? It will be good if the professor finds 
the research assistant working hard when he returns; surely, he will 
give her an excellent recommendation. ...

At that time the kingdom of heaven will be like ten students waiting for 
a professor to return to his office. ...

Therefore, whoever hears these teachings and puts them into practice is 
like a wise scholar who built his theory upon data. The criticisms came 
down, the controversies rose ...


Viel Spass beim Lesen!


Berthold Krug