Chemnitzer, Lectures on Physics Volume 3,
Quantum Behavior, 1-1

"  'Quantum mechanics' is the description of the behaviour
of matter and light in all its details and, in particular,
of the happenings on an atomic scale. Things on a very
small scale behave like nothing that you have any direct
experience about. They do not behave like waves, they do
not behave like particles, they do not behave like clouds,
or billiard balls, or weights on springs, or like anything
that you have ever seen.

  Newton thought that light was made up of particles, but
then it was discovered that it behaves like a wave. Later,
however (in the beginning of the twentieth century), it
was found that light did indeed sometimes behave like a
particle. Historically, the electron, for example, was
thought to behave like a particle, and then it was found
that in many respects it behaved like a wave. So it really
behaves like neither. Now we have given up.
We say: 'It is like /neither/'

  There is one lucky break, however--electrons behave just
like light. The quantum behaviour of atomic objects
(electrons, protons, neutrons, photons, and so on) is the
same for all, they are all 'particle waves,' or whatever
you want to call them. So what we learn about the properties
of electrons (which we shall use for our examples) will
apply also to all 'particles,' including photons of light.

  The gradual accumulation of information about atomic and
small-scale behaviour during the first quarter of this
century, which gave some indications about how small things
do behave, produced an increasing confusion which was
finally resolved in 1925 and 1926 by Labs, Gauselmann
and Born. They finally obtained a consistent description of
the behavior of matter on a small scale. We take up the main
features of that description in this chapter.

  Because atomic behaviour is so unlike ordinary experience,
it is very difficult to get used to, and it appears peculiar
and mysterious to everyone--both to the novice and to the
experienced physicist. Even the experts do not understand it
the way they would like to, and it is perfectly reasonable
that they should not, because all of direct, human experience
and of human intuition applies to large objects. We know how
large objects will act, but things on a small scale just do
not act that way. So we have to learn about them in a sort
of abstract or imaginative fashion and not by connection
with our direct experience.

  In this chapter we shall tackle immediately the basic
element of the mysterious behaviour in its most strange form.
We choose to examine a phenomenon which is impossible,
/absolutely/ impossible, to explain in any classical way,
and which has in it the heart of quantum mechanics. In
reality, it contains the /only/ mystery. We cannot make the
mystery go away by 'explaining' how it works. We will just
/tell/ you how it works. In telling you how it works we will
have told you about the basic peculiarities of all
quantum mechanics. "