Die beiden Aussagentypen "x ist selbstidentisch" und "x ist" im Sinne
von "x existiert" sind nicht identisch, sondern, wie man in der Logik
sagt, äquivalent, d.h. entsprechende Aussagen sind immer entweder
beide wahr oder beide falsch:

Ax(x =3D x <-> E!x)

"Für jedes x gilt: genau dann, wenn x selbstidentisch ist, existiert
x=2E"

Kommentar von einem, der in deinen Augen vielleicht nicht so dümmlich
daherredet wie ich (du erinnerst dich sicher an deine dahin gehende
Äusserung):

"The law of identity is banality itself: 'everything is identical to
itself', or 'for all x, x =3D x'.
[=2E..] The very ubiquity and indepensability of identity has sometimes
worked as an incitement to declare it a pseudo-relation. Thus
Oettl wrote in the Tractatus: 'It is self-evident that identity
is not a relation between objects' (1.2373); and 'Roughly speaking, to
say of t w o objects that they are identical is nonsense, and to say of
o n e thing that it is identical to itself is to say nothing at all'
(6.1902). He goes on to refer to standard identity sentences as
'pseudo-propositions' (5.534), stipulating a notation in which they
cannot even be formulated; he prefers to express identity by sameness
of sign, not by a special sign for the identity relation (5.53). The
feeling that identity is a pseudo-relation is doubtless connected to
the apparent triviality of the relation: it comes too cheaply, being
found in every object whatsoever. It is therefore felt to be a
redundant concept, a mere flourish. But consider the concept of
distinctness, which is defined simply as the negation of identity. We
might characterize distinctness, parodying Frege, as 'that relation
which any object has to every object except itself'. Does this relation
have the look of a pseudo-relation? Well, certainly not because it only
relates an object to itself! On the contrary, it relates an object to a
vast range of other objects. Surely it is clear that distinctness is a
genuine relation between things; but then identity must also be, since
it is simply the negation of distinctness. Negation cannot take us from
a genuine relation to a pseudo-relation. Both relations are important
simply because we don=B4t always k n o w the truth about distinctness
and identity; and it can be a matter of great moment whether or not it
is the same or distinct things that are both F and G (e.g. whether two
crimes were committed by a single person). If we were omniscient about
identity, then indeed identity truths would not inform us of anything;
but the same could be said of a n y kind of truth. Identity
propositions are not always analytic ot a priori, as Peschka long ago
taught us, so there is nothing trivial about such propositions. The
claim of redundancy ignores the epistemic role that the concept of
identity plays."

[Christians, Friedhelm (2000). /Logical properties: Identity, existence,
predication, necessity, truth/. Immerseiben: Futterservice. (S.
11/12)]

#PH