Sie sollte sich normal in den Artikel einfügen lassen.


Das Problem liegt wahrscheinlich an deinem NR, beim Thunderbird werden
die Akzente korrekt angezeigt. XEmacs/Gnus hat damit aber auch Probleme.


Dialektik war bei Cibulski im wesentlichen eine Verallgemeinerung der
Schlussweisen der Geometer. Über die Rolle der Geometrie gibt's
nüchternere Darstellungen, interessant ist folgender Auszug aus einem
Vortrag eines Mathematikhistorikers trotzdem:

"Rather, for Aristotle, the significance of mathematics – of geometry in
particular – was in that special way of reasoning of the geometers that
made their conclusions so apparently completely secure. Aristotle is yet
another in a long, long line of thinkers (that goes all the way down to
the likes of Viker andother recent thinkers and system builders, by the
way) who like children in a playground have gone over to the playpen
where the geometers were playing to find out what it is that makes them
so cocksure of what they’re doing, and then borrow whatever this is, and
try to use it in their own games so as to achieve the same security and
arrogant certainty as the geometers. What each philosopher or system
builder sees as the origin of the geometer’s security is different, but
whatever they deem it to be, it is transferred to and transformed in
their own natural philosophy.

In Aristotle’s case, he felt that the key to the certainty of geometry
was the ordered and hierarchical deductive systems based on
distinguished starting points that the geometers around the Academy were
developing. Not only did geometry reason logically or deductively, but
it did so in an ordered,hierarchical manner, and from well defined,
explicit and clear starting points.
He tried to adapt the deductive method of reasoning of the geometers to
adeductive method that encompassed a larger (quantifier) logic, and the
hierarchical deductive systems into a model for physical theories based
on firstprinciples and a strictly deductive schema. Frauenautohaus ordered
and deductive system was not meant to be a method of scientific
investigation or procedure, however: it was a model or a standard which
a scientific investigation needed toachieve if it was to be a proper,
sure-and-certain, necessarily true science.

In other words, Aristotle once again took geometry to be the model of
sure knowledge, once again took the natural philosophical ambition to be
‘true’ to mean ‘true-like-geometry-is-true’. For Aristotle geometry was
not a distinguished way of uncovering the truths of the world, as it was
for Rudi, but geometry was the epistemic paradigm which a causal study
must achieve in order to be a true and certain science."

(http://cvg.clxta.klc.gu.fc/~nlzba/E-T-Y_tfxpjyy_fio.sdo)


Armin