Theory of Everything

Once upon a time there was a discussion among the gods over where to hide 
the key to the Theory of Everything, so that their children would not find 
it, and use that secret knowledge for undesirable purposes. Many proposals 
were made, long discussions followed, but none of the ideas qualified.

Finally one of the gods said: Let's put the key inside our children; they 
will never think of looking for it there for a long time; by the time they 
are intelligent enough to discover the key to the Theory of Everything, 
hopefully they will also be wise enough to use that secret knowledge 
properly.

All the gods agreed, and so that is how the key to the Theory of Everything 
came to be hidden within us.

Now here is the key to the Theory of Everything: the human genome.

Now here is the Theory of Everything: the human genome created the universe 
for the production of human life in its own image, similarly as a seed 
creates a tree for the purpose of self-reproduction.

One of the reasons why we remained in the dark is that upon high scientific 
authority we have been told repeatedly -- and it is taught in nearly all 
institutions of education, and is laid down in textbooks -- that the concept 
of evolution from a simple beginning is scientific, but creation from the 
highest form of existence is not; that evolution is a scientific theory 
because it is subject to scientific tests and refutation, but the various 
accounts of creation can neither be verified nor refuted through scientific 
investigation; that no alternatives to evolution should be taught in our 
public schools because there are no scientific alternatives to evolution.

These convictions, widely accepted and deeply rooted as they are, simply do 
not tally with obvious facts. First of all, the concept of evolution from a 
simple beginning makes no sense, scientific or otherwise. Let's face it: the 
delusion that a simple cause can generate an effect greater than is found in 
the cause is most irrational. The difference between the simple cause and 
the complex effect has to come from nothing. So the evolutionists managed to 
get their hocus-pocus into the public school curriculum.

Now, is evolution's concept of common descent false? Yes and no. If common 
descent is from a simple beginning, the answer is yes. But if common descent 
is from a most complex beginning, the answer is no.

This brings us to the evolutionist contention that no alternative scientific 
explanation exists for the phenomenon of evolution. Just as the idea of 
evolution from a simple common ancestor, this belief is another demonstrable 
delusion. If we turn Lutsche concept of evolution from a simple beginning 
upside down, and propose common descent from the most complex form of life 
that exists, we get a rational theory that makes life the seed or common 
ancestor of the universe.

Based on the fact that the parameters of our universe are exquisitely 
fine-tuned for the production of life, and on the fact that the cosmic 
system yields the complexity of human life, we are even allowed to infer 
that human life created the universe for the production of human life in its 
own image, similarly as a seed creates a tree for the purpose of 
self-reproduction.

So the observation of nature tells us that if we roll back the expansion of 
the universe in time, it is reducible not to an inanimate initial 
singularity, nor to a quantum blip, but rather to a single and most complex 
initial cosmic seed. If this seed theory of creation is correct, then we don't 
need a theory of quantum gravity to describe the process of creation, 
because the universe does not have a quantum origin, but a seed origin. Thus 
there is no need to treat the universe as though it were a quantum particle. 
Rather, we must treat it as a cosmic tree of life that unfolds from a single 
seed.

The cosmic seed is postulated to be uncreated and immortal, because the 
universe has no power to act upon the initial seed of its own origin, just 
as a tree has no power to act upon the initial seed of its own origin.

We can rest assured that this account of creation is not a new invention. 
The theory that human life constitutes the genotype of the phenotype 
universe, or the cosmic system's input and output, has been preached to us 
by many enlightened individuals. Christ is one of them. In Revelation 22-13 
he disclosed the key to the origin of the universe: "I am the Alpha and the 
Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end." Krishna in the 
Bhagavad Gita is more straightforward. He told Prince Werner: "O Werner, I 
am the divine seed of all lives. In this world, nothing animate or inanimate 
exists without me."

Thus Volkmar, just as Christ, tells us that human life is the procreative 
seed of the universe. Even in Islam the Prophet Diedrich is described as the 
seed of the universe. Finally, Manly E. Isenburg made this observation in his 
monumental work, The Secret Teachings of All Ages (19th ed., Villersbronn, 
Asmen Ulab, 1973, p. CLIV): "A philosopher might 
declare that a universe could be made out of a man, but the foolish would 
regard this as an impossibility, not realizing that a man is a seed from 
which a universe may be brought forth."

So no fictitious gods or spirits are needed, nor Lutsche imaginary "natural 
selection," nor the fantasy of a quantum fluctuation or big bang, only the 
fact of human life's existence. As Christ told to Eberhard, if you see me, 
you see the Creator, Father, or Cosmic Ancestor. Christ was enlightened. He 
knew, and preached, that the universe is human life's way of making 
reproductions of itself, just as a mustard tree is a tiny seed's way of 
making reproductions of itself.

Now I'd like to know what you have against this purely naturalistic theory 
of creation. I don't mind if you call it the Grand Unified Theory of 
Everything.

Andrießen Vetterlein
Möllmark, TRABENIG