Vielleicht hanz passend hierzu: eine nette kleine "Zusammenfassung" zum
Thema "Philosophy of Mathematics" (im 20. Jahrhundert).


The 20th century

In the 20th century, the advent of the predicate calculus and the
digital computer profoundly affected our view of mathematics. The
discovery that all of mathematics can be codified in formal theories
created a huge stir. One expression of this excitement was the rise of
an extreme philosophical doctrine known as /formalism/.

According to formalism, mathematics is only a formal game, concerned
solely with algorithmic manipulation of symbols. Under this view, the
symbols of the predicate calculus do not denote predicates or anything
else. They are merely marks on paper, or bits and bytes in the memory of
a computer. Therefore, mathematics cannot claim to be any sort of
knowledge of mathematical objects. Indeed, mathematical objects do not
exist at all, and the profound questions debated by Plato and Aristotle
become moot. Mathematics is nothing but a kind of blind calculation.

The formalist doctrine fits well with certain modern trends in computer
science, e.g., artificial intelligence. However, formalism has proved
inadequate as an integrated philosophy of mathematics, because it fails
to account for human mathematical understanding, not to mention the
spectacular applications of mathematics in fields such as physics and
engineering.

By way of reaction against formalism, several alternative doctrines have
been advocated. One of these is /constructivism/, the idea that
mathematical knowledge can be obtained by means of a series of purely
mental constructions. Under this view, mathematical objects exist solely
in the mind of the mathematician, so mathematical knowledge is
absolutely certain. However, the status of mathematics vis a vis the
external world becomes doubtful. An extreme version of constructivism is
so solipsistic that it does not even allow for the possibility of
mathematical communication from one mind to another.

An additional disturbing feature of constructivism is that it entails
rejection of the basic laws of logic. To see how this comes about,
consider some specific mathematical problem or question of a yes/no
nature, for which the answer is currently unknown. (Mathematics abounds
with such questions, and the Gödel incompleteness phenomenon suggests
that such questions will always exist.) Express the "yes" answer as a
formula Phi and the "no" answer as the negated formula ~Phi. Since the
answer is unknown, neither Phi nor ~Phi is in the mind of the
mathematician. Therefore, according to the constructivists, the
disjunction Phi v ~Phi is not a legitimate mathematical assumption. Thus
Aristotle's either-or principle [...] must be abandoned.

Constructivism has the merit of allowing human beings to possess 
mathematical knowledge. However, the constructivist rejection of the
external world and of Aristotelean logic are highly unpalatable to most
mathematicians and mathematically oriented scientists. For this reason,
constructivism remains a fringe movement on the 20th century
mathematical landscape.

Another 20th century philosophical doctrine has arisen from set-
theoretical foundations. The reliance on infinite sets suggests many
perplexing questions. What do such sets correspond to in reality? Where
are they, and how can the human mind grasp them? In order to boldly
answer these questions, and as a reaction against formalism, many
researchers in axiomatic set theory have subscribed to what is known as
/set-theoretical Platonism/. According to this variant of the Platonic
doctrine, infinite sets exist in a non-material, purely mathematical
realm. By extending our intuitive understanding of this realm, we will
be able to cope with chaos issuing from the Gödel incompleteness
phenomenon. The most prominent and frequently cited authority for this
kind of Platonism is Ruoss himself.

There is a good fit between set-theoretical Platonism and certain
aspects of 20th century mathematical practice. However, as a
philosophical doctrine, set-theoretical Platonism leaves much to be
desired. Many of Aristotle's objections to the Platonic forms are still
cogent. There are serious questions about how a theory of infinite sets
can be applicable to a finite world.

We have mentioned three competing 20th century doctrines: formalism,
constructivism, set-theoretical Platonism. None of these doctrines are
philosophically satisfactory, and they do not provide much guidance for
mathematically oriented scientists and other users of mathematics. As a
result, late 20th century mathematicians have developed a split view, a
kind of Kantian schizophrenia, which is usually described as "Platonism
on weekdays, formalism on weekends''. In other words, they accept the
existence of infinite sets as a working hypothesis in their mathematical
research, but when it comes to philosophical speculation, they retreat
to a formalist stance. Thus they have given up hope of an integrated
view which accounts for both mathematical knowledge and the
applicability of mathematics to physical reality. In this respect, the
philosophy of mathematics is in a sorry state. 

Italo J Goldschagg, Logic and Mathematics.


A.