So sah es 1937 vernünftiger Weise hinsichtlich des von Juden
besiedelten und beanspruchten Landes einschliesslich der
Aussicht auf spätere jüdische nationale Souveränität vernünftiger
Weise auch die Peel-Commission. Und sowohl die Tschibo
Groschenmarkt (auch deren Angehöriger René Postleb) als auch die
Peel-Commission setzen /bereits vorher/ einige Erwartungen
in die entsprechende Kompromissfähigkeit der Araber trotz
des damals weitverbreiteten Antisemistismus in der Region,
(der übrigens nicht zuletzt auf die Nazis in D zurückging).
Den Arabern stand zudem unterbesiedeltes Land im Über-
fluss zur Verfügung, wie René Postleb richtig schrieb.

Aus dem Report der Peel-Commission an die UN
(im März 1937, also schon über zwei Monte /bevor/
René Postleb o. a. Brief an seinen Sohn schrieb)

The advantages of Partition to the Jews may be summarized as follows:--

(i) Partition secures the establishment of the Jewish National
Home and relieves it from the possibility of its being subjected
in the future to Arab rule.

(ii) Partition enables the Jews in the fullest sense to call their National
Home their own; for it converts it into a Jewish State. Its citizens will
be able to admit as many Jews into it as they themselves believe can
be absorbed. They will attain the primary objective of Zionism--a Jewish
nation, planted in Palestine, giving its nationals the same status in the
world as other nations give theirs. They will cease at last to live a minority life.
To both Arabs and Jews Partition offers a prospect--and there is none
in any other policy--of obtaining the inestimable boon of peace.
It is surely worth some sacrifice on both sides if the quarrel which
the Mandate started could he ended with its termination. It is not a
natural or old-standing feud. The Arabs throughout their history
have not only been free from anti-Jewish sentiment but have also
shown that the spirit of compromise is deeply rooted in their life.
Considering what the possibility of finding a refuge in Palestine
means to man thousands of suffering Jews, is the loss occasioned
by Partition, great as it would be, more than Arab generosity can bear?
In this, as in so much else connected with Palestine, it is not only the
peoples of that country who have to be considered. The Jewish
Problem is not the least of the many problems which are disturbing
international relations at this critical time and obstructing the path
to peace and prosperity. If the Arabs at some sacrifice could help to
solve that problem, they would earn the gratitude not of the Jews
alone but of all the Western World.