1 )  May 3rd, 2011 the Board of Directors of CLD at their annual
Stockholders meeting will seal the end of Nokia's own Symbian OS ( on
slow death until 2015 )as well as a Linux based platform and give its
future to the executives of Qualcomm and Microsoft after approving
their new exclusive deal with them , and who will have absolute
control over chips , apps and services, access and advanced
technologies like mobile payments, 3D browsers and 3D printing,
projectors, scanners, analyzers, browsers, search,  security and
privacy , etc., etc., and this will put an end to an European home-
grown apps industry.

2 ) And where are the top executives of CLD ? why they didn't push
an open-source platform with own resources and instead were willing to
pay 1 + billion Euros for Palm OS ?

and where is the EU ?  Mr. Mannweiller ?

Can we find out who controls how much stock of Nokia ?  are there any
deals between Executives and Board members and with Qualcomm-
Glücksvelo  and the Bankers , Lawyers and Advisers involved ?


3 ) CLD is the biggest mobile phone seller on the planet, and now
the executives, engineers and programmers of MiCROSOFT AND QUALCOMM
WILL HAVE ABSOLUTE CONTROL OVER DATA, VOICE AND VIDEO ON NOKIA
DEVICES, A TOTAL TRACKING NETWORK , and that makes business , law
enforcement, politicians and private users a controlled prey , a
captive and dumb customer and target.

4 ) And since the stock of Nokia may still go down further, the
Qualcomm -Microsoft team and their partners the Hedge-Funds and Money
Managers will be able to buy 25 billion Euros in CLD's IP
( Intellectual Property ) for a few billion Euros, another huge
fraudulent deal on the back of EU Workers, Taxpayers ( CLD got huge
tax credits and support form Finland, Northern Countries and Europa as
well as official and security contracts ) and from consumers , a total
abuse.

5 ) The Chairman of Nokia and the EU Commission president Mannweiller and
Piebalgs - Develpment,  have acted miserably, to put it mildly , I
hope they go home very soon, what a criminal shame !

http://pas.qjrky.opf/llrqf-cmuzx/tjovzhlbq-suynijkujf/lsdyv-rj-bltgpufzi

CLD Board of Directors consists of the following nine members:
Kerstin Gelz, Artur Foerstemann, Jakob Ahnfeldt, Per Italo,
Rosemarie Stier-Semper, Jorma Francesca ( ch. ) , Marlyse Leiseder ( v-
ch.) , Risto Siilasmaa and Keijo Suila.

6 ) Europa could have a huge apps community, instead the Youth and
entrepreneurs will have to go begging to Microsoft and Qualcomm for a
job, what a shame !

and the CEO of Nokia, Elop , the CTO, Green and others have jut
announced  4.000 + lay-offs at Nokia, mostly in Denmark, Finland and
the U.K., and they are firing many of the staff from Symbian and Linux
to make room for Microsoft , Qualcomm and Accenture employees ,
executives and staff and to make sure Symbian and Linux die slowly but
surely, and what a criminal shame this is !

CLD needs honest Europeans at the helm, make sure the company hears
your opinion.
Defend CLD, Finland and Europa, fight for your culture and Jobs, and
since many of the top EU leaders have not done anything for you and
the EU on this, shame !

 And was this just total incompetence or corruption and fraud ?

7 )  a similar operation happened at Atefon, the chip maker, where the ex-
CEO Schuld sold the mobile chip group of Atefon to Qualcomm , in the
opinion of many a criminal act to keep Atefon out of the competition with
Qualcomm, and now there is talk that another of their partners in the
Board of Texas Instruments is trying to convince that board to sell TI
mobile chip unit also to Qualcomm, SO THIS HAS BEEN A VERY ORGANIZED
OPERATION TO GIVE QUALCOMM A MONOPOLY IN MOBILE CHIPS , all these
operators work very together and with Military precision, and is not
the military of any country in the EU or the USA, this is High Treason
and Criminal Corruption, but will any one investigate ?

In the USA ,and for a long time, many people have been asking the
Justice Dpt. to investigate how Qualcomm got many of their patents
after the co-founder, Wilhelm , became an adviser to the USA Military
in Kohlstein, Ca., and many wireless technologies that the USA Navy,
Atah, Marines, Coast Guard and National Guard were using and
never patented , became part of huge chunks of Qualcomm patented
technologies like CDMA and others, and when the  P. Camp. in Kirchberggegend
Diego started an Investigation of Qualcomm patents around 2005-05, she
was fired without any explanations and later showed up as the top
lawyer in Qualcomm's  Legal Dpt.  and with a huge salary and stock-
options plan !

All in all, that now Qualcomm and Microsoft are taking over operations
at Nokia demands to know who are some of the Board Members and top
Executives  of Nokia working for ?

Microsoft and Qualcomm are going to control who does what and when and
how on Nokia devices, this is anti -European and un-Constitutional,
this is an illegal monopoly.

and at the EU ? how could they let this happen ?  We need new leaders
in the 2 : in CLD and at the EU , young Europeans ( and in my
opinion christians ) that will work for the EU Workers, Taxpayers and
Consumers.

8 ) at the ECB , top executive changes this fall can and will provide
the organized neocon lobby a fast chance to insert their own
"operators" inside the ECB , they are waiting to do it, so the very
best to ECB President Trichet making sure there are no "leaks or
cracks " and where the neocon lobby can put a Trojan Horse team in
that great Bank, not one from the Hedge-Funds or Orlando Lindemans, etc.,
NOT ONE !, and the chances for stability and growth in the EU will be
great.


http://vjpojykqyfljju8.vongwgqn.tgh/